======================================
#opencontainers: 2015-10-07 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 17:02:30 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2015/opencontainers.2015-10-07-17.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* RobDolinMS_ from Microsoft in Seattle  (RobDolinMS_, 17:04:20)
* duglin clarifying a couple of things  (vbatts|work, 17:05:30)
  * duglin is Doug Davis from IBM  (RobDolinMS_, 17:05:49)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/209  (duglin,
    17:06:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/210  (duglin,
    17:08:59)
  * ACTION: anuthan to mail the list with more details on how Solaris
    handles it  (wking, 17:19:07)
  * ACTION: anuthan to send an mail elaborating on this  (RobDolinMS,
    17:19:14)
  * duglin asks: If through runc spec we can produce valid defaults, why
    require runtime.json to be present?  (RobDolinMS, 17:33:12)
  * We don't currently have default values in spec.  (RobDolinMS,
    17:33:47)
  * (said mrunalp)  (RobDolinMS, 17:34:11)
  * ACTION: everyone to add optional/required comments for fields that
    are missing them ;)  (wking, 17:40:23)
  * Everyone should continue reviewing :)  (RobDolinMS, 17:40:24)

* vbatts - top-down docs  (vbatts|work, 17:40:58)
  * vbatts|work has been working on this  (RobDolinMS, 17:41:40)
  * vbatts|work hoping to have a PR in the next week or two
    (RobDolinMS, 17:43:09)
  * ACTION: vbatts|work to continue work on the top-down spec  (wking,
    17:43:50)

* wking - lifecycle updates  (vbatts|work, 17:44:09)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/207  (wking,
    17:44:37)
  * HELP: people familiar with lifecycle to review wking's PR
    (RobDolinMS, 17:47:05)
  * maintainers should review the PR  (RobDolinMS, 17:48:17)

* virt containers  (vbatts|work, 17:48:50)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/gS-nvHPwJQ8
    (wking, 17:49:27)

* mrunalp - bundle validation  (vbatts|work, 17:50:51)
  * LINK: https://github.com/mrunalp/ocitools  (wking, 17:56:34)
  * ACTION: vishh to create and issue/mailing-list-thread to discuss
    further  (wking, 17:58:06)

* vbatts - hacking session  (vbatts|work, 17:58:53)
  * Bunch of folks in Mt. View on/around Oct 21st; may coordinate a
    hacking session.  (RobDolinMS, 17:59:04)
  * ACTION: vbatts|work to send more details  (RobDolinMS, 17:59:42)



Meeting ended at 18:01:14 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* anuthan
  * anuthan to mail the list with more details on how Solaris handles it
  * anuthan to send an mail elaborating on this
* vbatts|work
  * vbatts|work to continue work on the top-down spec
  * vbatts|work to send more details
* vishh
  * vishh to create and issue/mailing-list-thread to discuss further



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (64)
* RobDolinMS (25)
* vbatts|work (12)
* lk4d4 (8)
* jlb13 (5)
* vishh (5)
* duglin (5)
* collabot (4)
* RobDolinMS_ (3)
* anuthan (3)
* mrunalp (3)
* mikebrow (1)
* Stefan (1)
* jojy_mesos (1)
* julz (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4