===============================
#opencontainers: OCI discussion
===============================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 18:04:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2015/opencontainers.2015-11-18-18.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Mrunal got a bunch of comments  (RobDolinMS, 18:04:47)
* Mrunal has merged a bunch of PRs  (RobDolinMS, 18:04:58)
* Planning to re-visit next month if it should be moved under
  OpenContainer  (RobDolinMS, 18:05:16)
* : Present on the call: Abin, Brandon, Jason, Liangchenye, Mike Brown,
  Mrunal, Rob Dolin, Zenlin  (RobDolinMS, 18:09:39)
* Jason sent an email  (RobDolinMS, 18:09:59)
* Jason is catching-up on mailing list feedback and working on
  additional write-ups and c  (RobDolinMS, 18:10:25)
* Jason expects to do a write-up on bundle filesystem metadata in the
  next few days  (RobDolinMS, 18:10:53)
* Liangchenye is doing testing of various runtimes  (RobDolinMS,
  18:12:55)
* Liangchenye reports the current test cases work with rkt  (RobDolinMS,
  18:13:54)
* LINK: https://github.com/huawei-openlab/oct ?  (mrunalp, 18:14:42)



Meeting ended at 18:15:33 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (23)
* mrunalp (4)
* collabot` (3)
* philips (1)
* liangchenye (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4