==================================
#opencontainers: weekly discussion
==================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 17:02:43 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2015/opencontainers.2015-10-28-17.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Challenge with audio  (RobDolinMS, 17:04:14)
  * switching to https://bluejeans.com/5531707434 for audio channel
    (RobDolinMS, 17:04:32)

* Confirming agenda  (RobDolinMS, 17:06:48)

* Separation  (RobDolinMS, 17:07:19)
  * This topic came-up during hack day last week  (RobDolinMS, 17:07:31)
  * duglin volunteers to write-up idea of switch from mutable/immutable
    to portable/non-portable  (RobDolinMS, 17:29:34)
  * ACTION: wking to write up single config approach  (wking, 17:29:41)

* Separation of create / start phase  (RobDolinMS, 17:30:49)
  * suggestion to table this  (RobDolinMS, 17:31:00)
  * duglin asks if spec will allow for create as separate operation from
    start  (RobDolinMS, 17:32:15)
  * crosbymichael suggests we should look at use cases  (RobDolinMS,
    17:32:29)
  * Suggested next step is for someone to draft proposal for this
    (RobDolinMS, 17:33:30)
  * ACTION: julz to write-up proposal  (RobDolinMS, 17:33:42)

* More hackdays  (RobDolinMS, 17:34:28)
  * duglin would like more; or at least another  (RobDolinMS, 17:34:48)
  * RobDolinMS would like another as well  (RobDolinMS, 17:35:24)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to kick-off thread about doing another hackday
    (RobDolinMS, 17:36:02)

* Required vs. Optiona fields  (RobDolinMS, 17:36:54)
  * we should think on this and table to next week  (RobDolinMS,
    17:39:24)

* Roadmap  (RobDolinMS, 17:39:52)
  * crosbymichael thinks he has pretty good participation so far
    (RobDolinMS, 17:40:11)



Meeting ended at 17:40:47 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* julz
  * julz to write-up proposal
* RobDolinMS
  * RobDolinMS to kick-off thread about doing another hackday
* wking
  * wking to write up single config approach



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (47)
* vbatts (15)
* wking (10)
* duglin (7)
* collabot (5)
* crosbymichael (3)
* anuthan (3)
* julz (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4