===================================
#opencontainers: 2015-10-14 meeting
===================================


Meeting started by wking at 17:07:20 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2015/opencontainers.2015-10-14-17.07.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* lifecycle docs  (wking, 17:07:27)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to create a new lifecycle PR  (wking, 17:07:39)

* checking cgroups from inside the container  (wking, 17:08:43)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to contact liangchenye to setup a demo and check for
    validation overlap  (wking, 17:12:35)

* Next milestone  (wking, 17:12:44)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to post details of a next-week hack-day to the list
    (wking, 17:15:03)
  * ACTION: vishh to push forward on updating  (wking, 17:17:36)

* defining standard operations  (wking, 17:18:28)

* Summarizing digest status  (wking, 17:22:23)

* two- to three-person working groups on milestone items?  (wking,
  17:23:58)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to collaborate with crosbymichael on the lifecycle
    (wking, 17:24:23)
  * ACTION: crosbymichael to collaborate with mrunalp on the lifecycle
    (wking, 17:24:32)
  * ACTION: everyone optional/required on the hack-day  (wking,
    17:24:45)
  * ACTION: vbatts to work on protobuf  (wking, 17:25:28)



Meeting ended at 17:26:34 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrunalp
  * mrunalp to create a new lifecycle PR
  * mrunalp to contact liangchenye to setup a demo and check for
    validation overlap
  * mrunalp to post details of a next-week hack-day to the list
  * mrunalp to collaborate with crosbymichael on the lifecycle
  * crosbymichael to collaborate with mrunalp on the lifecycle
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * vishh to push forward on updating
  * everyone optional/required on the hack-day
  * vbatts to work on protobuf



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (41)
* mrunalp (4)
* collabot (4)
* duglin (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4