======================================
#opencontainers: 2015-12-16 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 18:00:26 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2015/opencontainers.2015-12-16-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* 0.2.0 pull requests  (wking, 18:03:24)

* face-to-face meeting  (wking, 18:05:47)
  * ACTION: duglin to mail the list with ideas/times  (wking, 18:05:57)

* focus for the next milestone  (wking, 18:06:56)
  * ACTION: vishh to open an issue with thoughts on container ID
    (wking, 18:09:31)

* punt on protobuf  (wking, 18:10:43)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/135  (mrunalp,
    18:12:45)

* handling users  (wking, 18:13:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/191  (mrunalp,
    18:13:25)

* back to cross-platform JSON parsing in Go  (wking, 18:14:49)

* cgroup parent config (like Docker)  (wking, 18:18:03)
  * ACTION: vishh to open a PR with his approach  (wking, 18:21:35)

* defining a tar format  (wking, 18:22:23)

* 0.3.0 procedure  (wking, 18:24:14)
  * ACTION: mrunalp open a 0.3.0 milestone listing these topics with a
    soft deadline  (wking, 18:24:33)

* Next meeting  (RobDolinMS, 18:24:45)
  * AGREED: Cancel next two weeks  (RobDolinMS, 18:24:53)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to mail the list about that^  (wking, 18:25:04)
  * AGREED: next meeting on Wed, 06 Jan, 2016  (RobDolinMS, 18:25:12)

* Validation of multiple implementations  (RobDolinMS, 18:25:26)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to link jlb13 in on who at Oracle is getting them
    (wking, 18:33:54)



Meeting ended at 18:35:14 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* duglin
  * duglin to mail the list with ideas/times
* mrunalp
  * mrunalp open a 0.3.0 milestone listing these topics with a soft
    deadline
  * mrunalp to mail the list about that^
* RobDolinMS
  * RobDolinMS to link jlb13 in on who at Oracle is getting them
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * vishh to open an issue with thoughts on container ID
  * vishh to open a PR with his approach



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (68)
* RobDolinMS (13)
* collabot` (7)
* duglin (5)
* vbatts|mobile (4)
* mrunalp (2)
* lk4d4 (2)
* vbatts (1)
* crosbymichael (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4