======================================
#opencontainers: 2017-07-05 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 15:05:01 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2017/opencontainers.2017-07-05-15.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestone/7
  (vbatts|work, 15:05:16)
* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/880
  (vbatts|work, 15:30:53)
* ACTION: vbatts PR for perma-urls pointing to v1.0.0 runtime links
  (vbatts|work, 15:36:09)
* ACTION: vbatts rc vote with language about this being the precise git
  commit that will become v1.0.0 tag  (vbatts|work, 15:36:36)



Meeting ended at 15:38:22 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts|work (7)
* cracra (4)
* duglin (3)
* collabot` (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4