21:59:25 <vbatts> #startmeeting 2017-01-18 discussion
21:59:25 <collabot> Meeting started Wed Jan 18 21:59:25 2017 UTC.  The chair is vbatts. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
21:59:25 <collabot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
21:59:25 <collabot> The meeting name has been set to '2017_01_18_discussion'
22:00:21 <mrunalp> crosbymichael, stevvooe, vishh: Joining?
22:09:13 <mrunalp> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/508
22:09:20 <duglin> thanks
22:09:50 <mrunalp> post 1.0
22:09:53 <mrunalp> everyone agrees
22:10:35 <mrunalp> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/507
22:11:49 <mrunalp> post 1.0
22:11:55 <mrunalp> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/490
22:12:21 <mrunalp> Assigning to vbatts to take a look
22:14:25 <mrunalp> Looks good and merged
22:14:42 <mrunalp> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/471
22:14:45 <mrunalp> Needs rebase
22:29:52 <stevvooe> mrunalp: i'm on irc only
22:30:23 <mrunalp> stevvooe, okay, we are triaging runtime PRs
22:30:48 <dqminh> yah,but my mic is dead as usual
22:31:09 <mrunalp> dqminh, no worries :)
22:40:27 <stephenrwalli> Which PR did you want Stephen Day commentary on please?
22:41:39 <wking> mrunalp: chair me?
22:41:50 <mrunalp> #chair wking
22:41:56 <mrunalp> wking, vbatts started it..
22:41:59 <mrunalp> vbatts, ^^^
22:42:06 <wking> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/506
22:42:36 <wking> vbatts: I feel like we should have annotations in different places (in the runtime too)
22:42:45 <wking> vbatts: license information could live in annotations
22:43:00 <wking> vbatts: I don't think license info should be a stand-alone field
22:43:24 <wking> vbatts: other packaging formats also struggle with licensing, and structured schemas go obsolete quickly
22:43:51 <wking> RobDolinMS: I think there's a LF project to form a licensing standard, but I'm not sure what state it's in
22:44:01 <wking> vbatts: there have been a few attempts at standardizing
22:44:18 <wking> tianon: the OSI has some standardization around OSI-approved licensing
22:44:32 <wking> someone: I don't think we want spdx in the container format
22:45:50 <wking> stephenrwalli: spdx is also a lot of boilerplate to pull into an accessible standard
22:45:59 <wking> RobDolinMS: I think we can scope this outside of v1
22:46:09 <stephenrwalli> +1
22:46:27 <wking> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/505
22:46:41 <wking> merged
22:46:41 <stevvooe> let's close 506
22:46:43 <wking> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/504
22:48:07 <wking> stevvooe: this would prevent what we're currently doing in Docker
22:48:30 <wking> vbatts: so what happens now?
22:48:47 <wking> stevvooe: you can copy up from a volume.  You're just not necessarily snapshotting that data in the volume
22:49:00 <wking> stevvooe: the language is also ambiguous
22:49:40 <wking> I need to step back out for a bit, mrunalp.  Can you pick up the minutes again?
22:49:57 <mrunalp> yeah
22:50:43 <mrunalp> stevvooe: we don't enough info around runtime execution to make statements around what can/can't be done with data volumes
22:51:06 <mrunalp> mikebrow, makes sense to have a means to switch it off but not forbid it
22:53:53 <mrunalp> #topic https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/506
22:54:06 <mrunalp> stevvooe, why put licensing in content descriptor?
22:57:17 <mrunalp> vbatts, flatpack has its own reverse DNS notation.
22:57:28 <mrunalp> vbatts, There is a manifest of dep trees
22:57:48 <mrunalp> vbatts, It makes no sense to do it at descriptor level
22:58:28 <mrunalp> vbatts, what people chose to put in field is upto them
22:59:13 <mrunalp> stevvooe, Why denormalize?
23:02:00 <stephenrwalli> ‘Fraid I have to step into the next mtg …
23:02:21 <mrunalp> RobDolinMS, stevvooe vbatts can discuss next week?
23:04:06 <mrunalp> stevvooe, how do annotations combine?
23:05:48 <mrunalp> mikebrow, We should do this post 1.0
23:06:38 <mrunalp> vbatts, This is being asked by implementors trying out rcs
23:07:45 <mrunalp> vbatts, could you endmeeting?
23:07:57 <vbatts> #endmeeting