<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">21:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2017-07-12 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">21:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul 12 21:02:53 2017 UTC.  The chair is wking. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">21:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">21:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2017_07_12_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">21:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">mrunalp</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">21:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Current chairs: mrunalp wking
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">21:05:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">runtime-spec 1.0 burndown</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">21:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/895</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">21:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/894</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">21:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/895
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">21:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I think we want to keep the current master wording on Linux (to support managing the container process before calling 'start').  I don't care what happens to it for Windows/Solaris
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">21:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> should we block 1.0 on this?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">21:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I could swear we were in code freeze
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">21:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> so either be nice and let in a change, or say we're in code freeze, sorry?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">21:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> if we don't get in this change, Windows could still set a known-invalid PID
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">21:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I'd hope that setting a known-invalid PID would not be legal, otherwise it's less useful on Linux
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">21:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> this also gets into issues around testing runtime compliance
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">21:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> in this case, it's impossible to get a valid PID value on this platform
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">21:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> so I think it's fine and we can defer to after 1.0
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">21:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> is RobDolinMS on the call?  No?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">21:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> we can practically do the right thing in the runtime implementation, but we're in a gray area for validation tools
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">21:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> what if we merge the PR to update the state JSON language.  It won't be a config change
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">21:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> assuming there's quick feedback on the PR
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">21:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> if we merged it, I could rebase the 1.0 PR for it
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">21:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> does that mean restarting the vote?  Or it's ok because it doesn't change the config file?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">21:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I don't know that we should be making exceptions for this.  If the platform can't return a PID it can't return a PID.  This is why we need to be more careful with REQUIRED
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">21:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> the only reason I'd be tempted to make this sort of revision.  Post 1.0, how are folks supposed to interpret that if it lands in 1.0.1?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">21:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> if some runtime sticks with strict 1.0.0 behavior, there could be issues, but I don't see that happening
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">21:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> we can say, if it's not a config change and is just a clarification, we can defer it
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">21:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> they had two years to review this
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">21:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> sorry that this is so late, but an earlier PR was closed without my noticing it
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">21:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/459</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">21:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> if we postpone this, I think we'll be cutting 1.0.1 very shortly after 1.0.0
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">21:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Is adjusting 1.0.0 more painful than a 1.0.1?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">21:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Although we'll probably have a 1.0.1 in a few months anyway as certification tooling evolves
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">21:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> if we merge this and rebase pretty smoothly, that would be fine.  But that hasn't been our current experience
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">21:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> I'm more inclined to defer to a 1.0-next
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">21:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> quality wise, can we do a release with a known problem in it?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">21:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> If this is the only issue, I think yes
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">21:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> One issue with this is that 1.0.1 or 1.0.2 is the actual thing we end up using
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">21:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> wouldn't we be saying "I comply with 1.0" and not "I comply with 1.0.1" if we're following SemVer
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">21:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> Is the state JSON actually covered by SemVer?  I thought that was just the config JSON
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">21:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> why split up what is covered?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">21:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> (I wave my hands around about different consumers, e.g. config JSON authors, state JSON consumers, and runtime maintainers)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">21:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> we're trying to decide if a breaking change to the state JSON, does that mean we have to cut 2.0?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">21:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> say you have a workflow that needs the pid in the state JSON between 'create' and 'start' (because 1.0.0 tells you it is REQUIRED)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">21:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> then we cut a new runtime-spec release where we no longer require the PID, is that a breaking change that needs a 2.0 runtime-spec release?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">21:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] required-&gt;optional IMO means major bump
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">21:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] because existing impls that assume its there can no longer assume that and might break.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">21:30:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> ^ that's only if we consider state JSON consumers to be covered by the SemVer commitment.  I'm not clear that that is the case
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">21:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I though config JSON authors were covered by SemVer, and runtime maintainers and state JSON consumers were not covered by SemVer
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">21:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> I don't mind adding it to 1.0, since it's a known issue.  I'm sure other issues will come up after 1.0, but we can fix what we know now
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">21:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> do we already have press timelines?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">21:31:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> we shouldn't be considering the press
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">21:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> but this is a very minor issue which we can resolve in a patch release
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">21:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> just get it in if it's going to be a big deal
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">21:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> how many other issues need to get in?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">21:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/ap9QVwLbY0w</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">21:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mikebrow:</span> definitely second that we need the PID for created on Linux
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">21:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> so the change in #895 needs to be platform specific
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">21:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> my issue is that if we make a special case for this PR, when does it end?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">21:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I'm thinking about the platform/arm issue now
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">21:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> but we removed arch from the runtime, right?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">21:35:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> the workaround of specifying the arm platform isn't very hard, and cross-builds make it clear that we need to specify it from outside
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">21:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> so there are bigger issues that I'm willing to postpone to post 1.0
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">21:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I don't see the proposed change as a breaking change, since it's not possible to implement the current language
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">21:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] stunned silence  :)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">21:37:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> I'm more inclined to say it's 1.0.1
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">21:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] so just claim it was a typo
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">21:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I'm ok with a patch release if we can assert that "nobody could possibly have implemented a Windows runtime that set a valid PID between 'created' and 'start'"
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">21:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> there won't be runtime-tools code checking for pid on Windows between 'created' and 'start' if it's known to be impossible to set
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">21:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Do we want to talk about post-1.0 branching plans on this call?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">21:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> that sounds like a good email thread to me
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">21:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/806
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">21:46:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Can a maintainer tag #895 for 1.0.1 so I can take that back to my team?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">21:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> so are there two outstanding runtime things that would be good to have?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">21:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> I'm fine either way, unless folks think there will be a lot more new things in the next week
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">21:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> it would be a lot less work to cancel this vote, merge these, and then make a new vote.  Even though it's unfortunate that these came out after the 1.0 vote was proposed
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">21:49:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking to create a PR moving disableOOMKiller</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">21:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image-spec burn down</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">21:52:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> stevvooe mentioned the ARM platform issue, but we can fix that post 1.0
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">21:52:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> yeah, I have a TODO to file that bug after 1.0
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">21:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> we can do this in a backwards-compatible way
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">21:53:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> there are also ecosystem problems that we won't be able to specify our way out of
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">21:56:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> What about adding cyphar as a maintainer?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">21:56:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> that's orthogonal to 1.0
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">21:56:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I think we should wait for after 1.0
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">21:56:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> in my mind, the folks voting at a release are the maintainers as of the vote being opened
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">21:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I'm just worried about distracting attention
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">21:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> any other topics?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">21:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> on the PID thing, I'm trying to find some quick text.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">21:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> we can just make 'pid' entirely Linux-specific, and add it on other platforms if/when we have a better feel for their support
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">22:00:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crosbymichael&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/895#issuecomment-314910055
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">22:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
