<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">00:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">OCI_5_3_2017</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">00:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu May  4 00:03:11 2017 UTC.  The chair is mrunalp. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">00:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">00:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'oci_5_3_2017'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">00:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/726</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">00:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> crosbymichael, Tests running on docker integration
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">00:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> SELinux may have some issues
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">00:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> It is really close
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">00:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> ~6 fails from 100s tests
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">00:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> There may be an issue around ambient capabilities
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">00:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> crosbymichael, We could setup a hangout for Friday to go over remaining issues
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">00:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">00:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/661#issuecomment-299035017
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">00:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> stevvooe, Discussion around ARM
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">00:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> stevvooe suggested a table. There is still some confusion that needs to be addressed.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">00:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#654</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">00:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/654
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">00:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> stevvooe and vbatts have arrived at some agreement
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">00:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> Can cut a rc-6 after those are merged
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">00:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> Somebody needs a take a crack at ref.name
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">00:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#634</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">00:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/634
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">00:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> To be included in rc6
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">00:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> rc6 could then be a final RC
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">00:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> stevvooe, Proposes to go back to old time.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">00:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> crosbymichael people who we changed time for aren't showing up
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">00:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> Better to go back to old time to get stakeholders on the call to get to 1.0
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">00:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
