<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">14:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2017-04-12 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">14:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Apr 12 14:59:54 2017 UTC.  The chair is vbatts. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">14:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">14:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2017_04_12_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> it may be a lonely meeting today
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tianon&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> you don't need to be lonely, we're here for you
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">status of runtime</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> blocking pr on runtime-tools is merged
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> crio will be rebased today
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:07:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> need to get a checkpoint of docker rebase on latest runc ( crosbymichael / stevvooe )
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> sayz it's had some time, let's get the vote up
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vbatts put up the vote for runtime-spec v1.0.0</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tianon&gt;</span> "if we find something super egregious, worst case we 2.0" O:)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> or a 1.1
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tianon&gt;</span> yeah ++++
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> clean up the spec
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image-spec status</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestone/13</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonboulle&gt;</span> <span class="hi">me:</span> nothing looks like breaking changes, just need sufficient maintainer involvement to move some of these forward
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> would nss lookups be a breaking change to be added post 1.0
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> AKAIK, IAM related things have been indefinitely deferred
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/636</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/636</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/599</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonboulle&gt;</span> first link duplicated
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/635</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonboulle&gt;</span> (think my positions are explicated on all those, really not sure how to make progress)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] did OCI agree to adopt label-schema?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:33:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cracra:</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/635
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> might be a potential conversation to adopt/merge the label-schema conventions, sans the docker/rkt ones, with OCI annotations
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonboulle&gt;</span> @glestaris https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/636#issuecomment-292184836
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonboulle:</span> Error: "glestaris" is not a valid command.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;glestaris&gt;</span> Thanks @jonboulle
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mikebrow&gt;</span> http://label-schema.org/rc1/
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [dug, Open Container Initiative] dug: Iâ€™d prefer if we owned the core labels
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
