======================================
#opencontainers: 2017-04-12 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 14:59:54 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2017/opencontainers.2017-04-12-14.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* status of runtime  (vbatts, 15:05:59)
  * ACTION: vbatts put up the vote for runtime-spec v1.0.0  (vbatts,
    15:10:44)

* image-spec status  (vbatts, 15:13:20)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestone/13
    (vbatts, 15:13:24)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/636
    (vbatts, 15:26:52)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/636
    (vbatts, 15:26:59)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/599
    (vbatts, 15:27:16)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/635
    (vbatts, 15:27:53)
  * LINK: http://label-schema.org/rc1/  (mikebrow, 15:48:19)



Meeting ended at 16:02:42 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* vbatts
  * vbatts put up the vote for runtime-spec v1.0.0



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts (21)
* jonboulle (4)
* collabot (4)
* tianon (3)
* cracra (2)
* mikebrow (1)
* mrunalp (1)
* glestaris (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4