======================================
#opencontainers: 2017-06-14 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by stevvooe at 21:03:23 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2017/opencontainers.2017-06-14-21.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* image-spec issues  (wking, 21:05:33)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/696
    (stevvooe, 21:05:45)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/694  (wking,
    21:05:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/695  (wking,
    21:06:01)
  * LINK:    (stevvooe, 21:06:35)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/693
    (stevvooe, 21:06:37)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to ping jstarks about image-spec review for #694,
    #695, and #696  (wking, 21:06:58)

* runtime-spec issues  (wking, 21:08:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/850/files
    (mrunalp, 21:08:16)
  * ACTION: crosbymichael to ask hqhq to completely remove 'platform'
    from the config JSON  (wking, 21:15:12)



Meeting ended at 21:16:06 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (20)
* stevvooe (6)
* collabot (4)
* mrunalp (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4