======================================
#opencontainers: 2019-02-27 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 21:59:34 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2019/opencontainers.2019-02-27-21.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* [org] contribution workflow  (vbatts|work, 22:04:28)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/org/pull/6  (vbatts|work,
    22:04:33)
  * LINK:
    https://help.github.com/en/articles/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project
    (tianon, 22:21:18)

* what's needed for distribution-spec v1? (lasker)  (vbatts|work,
  22:25:28)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/mediaTypes.md
    (tianon, 22:31:32)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/media-types.md
    (vbatts|work, 22:36:19)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/mediaTypeMappings.json
    (vbatts|work, 22:46:54)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/58
    (vbatts|work, 22:58:27)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/image-index.md
    (vbatts|work, 22:59:25)

* weekly meetings? (atlas)  (vbatts|work, 23:03:00)



Meeting ended at 23:05:44 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts|work (25)
* v[m]1 (6)
* tianon (4)
* KenBrooks[m] (4)
* collabot` (3)
* bacongobbler[m] (1)
* estesp[m] (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4