====================================
#opencontainers: OCI Weekly Dev Call
====================================


Meeting started by estesp at 22:00:53 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2019/opencontainers.2019-03-06-22.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* potentially have a better shared mechanism to collaborate on agenda +
  actions/notes  (estesp, 22:07:53)
  * LINK: https://hackmd.io/El8Dd2xrTlCaCG59ns5cwg  (estesp, 22:16:26)

* cgroup v2  (estesp, 22:18:37)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/1002
    (estesp, 22:19:01)

* distribution spec v1  (estesp, 22:24:48)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/milestone/3
    (estesp, 22:26:15)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/26
    (estesp, 22:26:59)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/pull/39
    (estesp, 22:36:01)

* moving common content to the org project  (estesp, 22:37:43)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/org  (estesp, 22:38:46)

* catalog/listing capabilities of registries  (estesp, 22:46:23)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/22
    (estesp, 22:49:48)



Meeting ended at 22:59:31 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* estesp (28)
* collabot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4