<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">21:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2019-01-02 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">21:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan  2 21:59:35 2019 UTC.  The chair is vbatts. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">21:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">21:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2019_01_02_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">22:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">runc hooks conundrum</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">22:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> needs a pow-wow between runc, crio, containerd, and maybe nvidia folks, to have a chat on the way forward to ensure least breakage or best way forward
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">22:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">need pow-wow between runc, crio, containerd, and maybe nvidia folks, to have a chat on the way forward to ensure least breakage or best way forward</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">22:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> hooks ought to have a version field.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">22:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> lack of the version field could mean "initial" version, then have forward marching version
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">22:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> then an implementation could have their supported hook versions
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">22:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">distribution-spec</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">22:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> invite more contribution and maintainers
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">22:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> 3 is a not-ideal quorum
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">22:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">oci image v2</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">22:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cyphar_:</span> tar is awful, and we've had the ongoing conversation since two years, and it's time we do something about it
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">22:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> merkle trie chunking of files
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">22:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> problem of chunking: deduplication is not optimised for on disk checkouts
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">22:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cyphar_:</span> has a basic PoC, and is beginning a more complete implementation.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">22:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lasker:</span> has anyone done comparisons on public internet registries vs local lan registries?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">22:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> 1/3 up to an order of magnitude savings on registry-side and bandwidth for downloading images
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">22:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> for ci/cd use-case with 99.9% images built having never been pulled, this could flatten out even further
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">22:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> there is good argument for chunk based hashing, with the main drawback being the on disk checkout
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">22:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> where file based hashing, may have the most ideal balance of distribution and on disk deduplication
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">22:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> the CoW approach may have to change the drivers and how they do snapshotting, but as an initial proof-of-concept doing this image-v2 would be transparent underneath the existing oci image and distribution
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">22:53:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras &lt;-
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">22:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> "oras can push/pull any files to/from any registry with OCI image support"
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">22:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> ++
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">22:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">23:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">descriptor metadata</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">23:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> when introducing a new mediaType/mime-type, some way to determine what that artifact type
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">23:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lasker:</span> we need a balance on the mime-types that are supported or not
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">23:04:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> like a list of known mime-types
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">23:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> to avoid the extension hell of the past
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">23:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> fair, we're currently in the wild west
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">23:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;estesp&gt;</span> sorry; have to drop. lots of good discussion
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">23:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;estesp&gt;</span> perfect timing @vbatts :)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">23:05:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">estesp:</span> ha!
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">23:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ping cracra about adding bridge bot to CNCF #oci channel</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">23:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
