<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers: 2019-01-02 discussion</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opencontainers: 2019-01-02 discussion</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vbatts at 21:59:35 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">runc hooks conundrum</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-5'>vbatts</a>, 22:05:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">need pow-wow
    between runc, crio, containerd, and maybe nvidia folks, to have a
    chat on the way forward to ensure least breakage or best way
    forward</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-7'>vbatts</a>,
    22:08:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">distribution-spec</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-11'>vbatts</a>, 22:12:30)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">oci image v2</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-14'>vbatts</a>, 22:23:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras">https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras</a>
    &lt;- <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-25'>jdolitsky</a>,
    22:53:34)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras">https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-28'>vbatts</a>,
    22:54:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">descriptor metadata</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-29'>vbatts</a>, 23:02:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ping cracra
    about adding bridge bot to CNCF #oci channel</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html#l-38'>vbatts</a>,
    23:14:12)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 23:15:03 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>need pow-wow between runc, crio, containerd, and maybe nvidia folks, to have a chat on the way forward to ensure least breakage or best way forward</li>
  <li>ping cracra about adding bridge bot to CNCF #oci channel</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vbatts (32)</li>
  <li>collabot` (3)</li>
  <li>estesp (2)</li>
  <li>jdolitsky (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
