======================================
#opencontainers: 2019-01-02 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 21:59:35 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2019/opencontainers.2019-01-02-21.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* runc hooks conundrum  (vbatts, 22:05:40)
  * ACTION: need pow-wow between runc, crio, containerd, and maybe
    nvidia folks, to have a chat on the way forward to ensure least
    breakage or best way forward  (vbatts, 22:08:01)

* distribution-spec  (vbatts, 22:12:30)

* oci image v2  (vbatts, 22:23:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras <-  (jdolitsky, 22:53:34)
  * LINK: https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras  (vbatts, 22:54:24)

* descriptor metadata  (vbatts, 23:02:27)
  * ACTION: ping cracra about adding bridge bot to CNCF #oci channel
    (vbatts, 23:14:12)



Meeting ended at 23:15:03 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts (32)
* collabot` (3)
* estesp (2)
* jdolitsky (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4