<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">22:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2019-01-16</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">22:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan 16 22:02:57 2019 UTC.  The chair is vbatts|work. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">22:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">22:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2019_01_16'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">22:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">22:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tianon&gt;</span> (at least 19 folks present; our largest call in ages! :D)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">22:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hogepodge&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">22:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [caniszczyk, Open Container Initiative] good times! Vincent, I'll get to creating that security-announce@ list later
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">22:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [caniszczyk, Open Container Initiative] I'm happy to switch to Zoom for meeting recordings if we want to go new school in the future
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">22:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;estesp&gt;</span> so the Slack integration is working?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">22:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">intro</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">22:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#intro </span><span class="cmdline">matt farina on registries and objects</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">22:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [caniszczyk, Open Container Initiative] re: slack integration atm, if you use the OCI Slack it works (https://chat.opencontainers.org/) in the #opencontainers channel there (which does mirror)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">22:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mattfarina:</span> app integrations around storing more bundles than just a single application container
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">22:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> helm, app-registry, and now CNAB
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">22:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> the consensus is really that the registry is the common place to store and share those objects
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">22:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> they're all container related
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">22:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> would registries bu possible for this?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">22:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> two methodologies have come to light
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">22:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> largely folks have said it sounds like the right path, but what should be the correct technical approahc
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">22:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">22:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mattfarina&gt;</span> https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci/
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">22:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">22:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> ryan abrams: annotations, objects and OCI indexes
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">22:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mattfarina&gt;</span> example snippet, i think https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/5cWUiGxI/example%20snippet%2C%20i%20think
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">22:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> what are all the objects included in an index
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">22:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> https://github.com/docker/cnab-to-oci#example
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">22:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras/blob/master/pkg/oras/push.go#L42
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">22:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">22:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> too late this time :P
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">22:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras/blob/master/pkg/oras/push.go#L42</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">22:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> https://hackmd.io/Jk2XCLP2S2y8AfdXJdRLrw#Strawman-Proposal
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">22:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/shizhMSFT/oras</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">22:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://hackmd.io/Jk2XCLP2S2y8AfdXJdRLrw#Strawman-Proposal</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">22:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mattfarina&gt;</span> another example https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/qWqifSf7/
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">22:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> ohman
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">22:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> y'all, use the #link header to register these pretty things
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">22:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">22:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mattfarina&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> thanks... i'm a little rough in remembering my irc meeting commands
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">22:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> oras tested against distribution 2.7 (w/ default config)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">22:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mattfarina:</span> we want registries to know the helm mimetypes
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">22:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> without shuffling around additional registries of types
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">22:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jzelinskie:</span> this core functionality should be in all registries
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">22:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> or extra processing should be fine
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">22:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> but the requirement need not have helm specific logic as a design goal
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">22:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mattfarina:</span> that makes sense
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">22:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevoeoevoeoevoo:</span> yea, registries should know as little as possible
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">22:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mattfarina:</span> how did we get to where we are with mediaTypes?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">22:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> ryan abrams: versioned redirection using mime-types
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">22:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevveoeoevoeeoo:</span> i think that is a reasonable approach. Concen is about overloading config type, and just create a mediaType for the new config
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">22:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> In cnab-to-oci, every item in "manifests" array has "mediaType": "application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json" correct?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">22:32:38 </span><span class="nka">* vbatts|work</span> <span class="ac">back</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">22:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jzelinskie:</span> switching or this feature ought to be as easy as multi-arch is today
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">22:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://hackmd.io/Jk2XCLP2S2y8AfdXJdRLrw#Strawman-Proposal</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">22:38:53 </span><span class="nka">* vbatts|work</span> <span class="ac">thinks this hackmd.io looks neat</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">22:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> yea.. it is great vbatts. you can deploy it in house too: https://github.com/hackmdio/docker-hackmd
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">22:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;estesp&gt;</span> nice
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">22:40:42 </span><span class="nka">* vbatts|work</span> <span class="ac">ohmans</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">22:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mattfarina:</span> the strawman by jzelinskie looks like a suitable way forward
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">22:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> no neigh-sayers
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">22:42:14 </span><span class="nka">* vbatts|work</span> <span class="ac">can't spell</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">22:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> how to work out media-types
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">22:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevoeoeoveoeoveoeoveo:</span> some of this is just static, but others could be added to the spec
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">22:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/media-types.md</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">22:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">22:52:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jzelinskie:</span> duality
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">22:53:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zendril&gt;</span> +1 for search discussions
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">22:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vbatts agenda for next call to talk about search</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">22:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline"></span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">22:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">other items</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">22:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;atlask&gt;</span> Where would be the best place to standardize ui-specific registry-specific metadata
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">22:56:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jzelinskie:</span> can you add github issue to oras describing changes needed to get to "strawman" spec?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">22:56:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jzelinskie&gt;</span> yup!
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">22:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tianon&gt;</span> yay, congrats to new maintainers! :D
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">22:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [caniszczyk, Open Container Initiative] friendly reminder there's the OCI TOB election going on, nominations are open until Friday
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">22:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cracra&gt;</span> [caniszczyk, Open Container Initiative] see #link https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/52
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">22:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cracra:</span> oh right!
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">22:59:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/52</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">23:00:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jzelinskie to take the strawman to the mailing-list for broader discussion</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">23:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">steveoovoeoeve:</span> there was a proposal for cnab-spec to the tob, that should closed/rolled in
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">23:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/milestone/2</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">23:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
