<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">22:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2019-02-13 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">22:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 13 22:02:28 2019 UTC.  The chair is vbatts. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">22:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">22:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2019_02_13_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">22:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">22:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jdolitsky&gt;</span> whoops
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">22:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">distribution rc0</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">22:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> 928447
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">22:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vbatts to tag rc0 thursday, make an rc1 milestone, and let the cadence begin</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">22:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">merge dongsu's `make test` PR</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">22:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">derek to give that a review</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">22:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">cgroupv2 is on the horizon</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">22:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">(allen sun) CVE disclosure</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">22:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">allen:</span> can OCI organization manage disclosure in a responsible way?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">22:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">allen:</span> we can all work together to reduce the risk for everyone
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">22:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/org</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">22:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/org/issues/3</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">22:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/security-release-process-documentation</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">22:22:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/kata-containers/community/blob/master/VMT/VMT.md</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">22:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">(steve lasker) artifact persistance guidance</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">22:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">22:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/artifactTypeRequirements.md#Registry-Requirements-of-New-Artifact-Types</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">22:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/approaches.md</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">22:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/mediaTypes.md</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">22:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://cloud-native.slack.com/messages/CG5DGLH32/</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">22:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/SteveLasker/RegistryArtifactTypes/blob/master/artifactTypeRequirements.md#ease-of-support</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">23:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
