<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers: OCI 5/25</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opencontainers: OCI 5/25</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:03:33 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">create start PR</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-7'>RobDolinMS</a>, 17:03:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">duglin update
    create start PR based on review comments</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-9'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:04:23)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Current status of spec(s)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-14'>RobDolinMS</a>, 17:06:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">RobDolinMS is continuing to gather feedback
    from Windows Containers folks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-15'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:08:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Looking at a 1.0 of both the runtime-spec and
    runc in the DockerCon timeframe</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-22'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:12:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Friday is the
    deadline for getting the runc PR and the spec PR in</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-32'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:16:07)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-37'>philips</a>,
    17:18:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review of spec making sure MUST and SHOULD are included and make sense</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-38'>RobDolinMS</a>, 17:18:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-42'>philips</a>,
    17:20:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Runtime-spec 1.0-RC targeted for afternoon of
    Wed, 6/1</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-43'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:20:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Image-spec v0.2 targeted for end-of-week (Fri,
    5/27)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-46'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:22:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Philips to
    Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this week</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-47'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:23:12)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-48'>philips</a>,
    17:23:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Image-spec v1.0-RC targeted for week of 6/6 -
    6/10 (ETA Tue, 6/7)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html#l-50'>RobDolinMS</a>,
    17:24:16)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:32:57 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>duglin update create start PR based on review comments</li>
  <li>Philips to Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this week</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> duglin <ol>
    <li>duglin update create start PR based on review comments</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> philips <ol>
    <li>Philips to Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this week</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>RobDolinMS (34)</li>
  <li>philips (7)</li>
  <li>collabot` (4)</li>
  <li>crosbymichael (3)</li>
  <li>mrunalp (3)</li>
  <li>jlb13 (2)</li>
  <li>JakeWarner (1)</li>
  <li>brandon (1)</li>
  <li>duglin (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
