<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">OCI 6/8</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun  8 17:01:26 2016 UTC.  The chair is mrunalp. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'oci_6_8'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/87
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JakeWarner|Work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">related:</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/492
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the runtime doesn't handle any networking
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> it happens outside the container context on the host
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> so this is happening on the runtime annotations, not the image-spec annotations?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> yeah
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">wking</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Current chairs: mrunalp wking
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> while runC doesn't implement exposed ports, it is part of the container experience for Docker
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:05:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> that is the suggestion, that we add exposed ports to annotations
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> networking is complicated; one annotation is not sufficient
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> this is the first key/value we've encountered
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> what if the rest of the data is more structured?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I'm not suggesting we copy all the image-spec stuff in.  This is the one bit that the runtime-spec doesn't already handle
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> we can put JSON blobs into annotations
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^yuck ;)
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> ExposedPorts is a single value, which is why I think it should go into annotations
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> wouldn't it make sense to make it more generic, because there will likely be more things that some runtimes can't handle
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> can't we copy the whole image config to a known location?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> that's the discussion we're having.  I'm not opposed to it, but if it's just the one value that seems like overkill
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> independent of the image-spec, there will be a need to pass opaque information down to the runtime
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> if we copy the whole thing in, folks consuming it have to have a deeper understanding of the image-spec config
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> how do we tell people about semantically-meaningful annotations?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> we have this in Kubernetes, where all annotations use domain-name prefixes
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> classically, are annotations used to configure runtime behavior?  I thought they were for marking orthogonal-to-running information
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> they can be used for lighting up experimental features that aren't stable enough for a formal API yet
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> so you're using it as a parameter bag?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> annotations are just meta-information, so it's fine
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> Joe Beda: labels and annotations are distinct in Kubernetes
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> For context here is the spec on annotations in OCI: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/blob/master/config.md#annotations
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> labels vs annotations - its a very fine line
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> labels are used for idenfitication, and annotations are used for arbitrary metadata
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> rkt + Kubernetes annotates whether the container runs in a VM or not
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;JakeWarner|Work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> Would the "plugins" structure that I suggested here make any sense? https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/492#issuecomment-224498950
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> so there are two subtly-different things: labels and annotations, but runtime-spec uses annotations for both
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> labelings aren't as binding for core Docker concepts, but they're usually used for plugin features and such
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> originally labels and annotations were proposed as a pair, but annotations covers both cases
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> we split them, because we only support querying on labels, and you don't want to index binary blobs
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> we were not able to implement label selectors in runC, so we just have annotations
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the runtime spec doesn't have a concept of enumerating running containers
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> Joe Beda: labels as a term of identity starts to bump up against naming and discovery, although that's a bit out of scope for the current discussion
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> all we're talking about is flattening anonymous metadata (ExposedPorts) down into the config
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> we don't have structured data in annotations, and I wish we did
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the general consensus was that folks can flatten the JSON to a string if they want
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> but we want to keep it native JSON
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> it makes parsing a lot more complicated to keep it a string (e.g. you can validate the whole thing with JSON Schema)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> the point of annotations is we aren't acting on them.  Why add structure to opaque data?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I say, "why require a string-&gt;string map for opaque data" ;)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> when the thing gets created, you want to know that it's valid
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">proposal:</span> all runtime-unknown image properties get copied into an annotation with a well-defined naming pattern.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> it's not a big deal.  We just wish we had the ability to put structured JSON in annotations
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> is networking the only thing you see so far?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> yeah, this is the only thing in Docker's v2 image format that doesn't map directly to a runtime-known field
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> if we use Docker as an example, it's going to do all of the networking setup, and you don't have to pass this down to the bundle filesystem at all
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the network-setup code should look at the bundle to find the network namespace.  It should also be looking for ExposedPorts
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> that can happen in the orchestration layer
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> this is coming out of a desire to have the image -&gt; bundle unpacking be separate from the runtime/network-setup/etc.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> it could be that nobody is interested in that use case
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> there's a difference between having a daemon running and not
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> It's hard to have the image-downloading tool handle network setup on its own
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> even if we're not clear about who handles the networking setup, it's still ok to put the information in annotations
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> definitely put in the networking namespace stuff
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">philips to PR a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted use-cases from the meeting discussion</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image-spec 1.0 procedures</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> to a large degree, concerns are due to unmet expectations from a lack of documentation
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the TDC (i.e. maintainers) are supposed to "approve" releases (in the charter)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> but there's no definition of "approve"
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> we need a policy where we talk about "here's what we want to accomplish in the next milestone" or "we want to cut a release", and have rules for maintainers accepting those proposals
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> AFAIK, TDC is not necessarily just maintainers
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> the timeline was set by the TOB, but really it should be up to the TDC
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> the current charter points to MAINTAINERS for a list of TDC members
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ that is wking talking to RobDolinMS ;)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> section 5.e of https://www.opencontainers.org/about/governance
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> in none of our projects have we defined the necessary threshold
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> wking - There are a number of references to the TDC that may not all be consistent
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> if we document the process, than nobody gets surprised
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> agreed on TDC inconsistency ;)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/2 would help clarify the TDC definition
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I'm not sure which forum is correct.  I go to the mailing list, and folks point me at GitHub issues
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> I like GitHub issues for multiple technical concerns
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> The GitHub milestone for the 1.0 release has been around for months
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:31:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> I agree that we need to figure out the process and document that.  1.0 means "we're ready", and we want a process to determine if the TDC agrees with that
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> maybe I should have spoken up earlier, but do you not acknowledge the concerns I'm raising
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> I think we need to have those discussions, and the issues haven't been filed yet
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:33:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> I'm encouraged by the open conversation around open image-spec issues
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> trying to get a lot of people who spend a portion of their time working on containers, it does take some time to get folks together around a minor release, gather feedback, and post back to the repositories
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> so it's good to give folks time to go out and gather that feedback
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> agreed.  And the release policy should set a bar
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> in runtime-spec, we had a 6 month target for 1.0, and now we're a year out, and we're still not sure if we're there or if all the stakeholders are on board
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> so do we wait on this process before 1.0?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> or do we go ahead with 1.0 as this process is developed?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> feedback from RobDolinMS is that "a week isn't long enough to review", and the list discussion shows lots of people who aren't all on the same page with respect to the release process
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> so I think we need to pause for a week and change and get a policy in place
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">philips to write up a policy proposal for handling release stamping to apply to all OCI projects</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brendan:</span> I think there's a distinction between releasing a binary (e.g. runC) and releasing a spec (e.g. runtime-spec)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> if the procedure is "get maintainer agreement", then the runC maintainers can pick their own threshold
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> as you draft the policy, I'd encourage a goal and a minimum.  Or split between major/minor/patch?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> giants!  :-)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:42:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> I mailed the list with notes about other organizations.  The W3C and IETF may be heavyweight, but we shouldn't be reinventing the wheel
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">ocitools as an OCI Project</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> we just created ocitools, but it hasn't been formally approved by the TOB
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:43:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> do we just move it back in?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> if we want it to stay a separate project, we need the TOB to bless it
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:44:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> ocitools predates the TOB
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> does this mean that generation and verification stay in the image-spec repository?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> yeah, I think we want oci-runtime-tool (like the current oci-image-tool) and we close down opencontainers/ocitools
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:45:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I think spec maintainers should be overseeing test-suite development, so I'm in favor to bring them in
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:46:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> there's always going to be a lag to adding code (it's more expensive than adding spec language)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> even though they live in the same repo, we could have them tagged differently
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> please no multiple tags for a single repo^ :p
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:47:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> what's the benefit to squashing to a single repo?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> in Microsoft we've had to generate a new build because of a security issue.  Always being able to ship is important
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:47:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> the offset between the spec and test cases makes me scratch my head
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:48:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> if we have to cut 1.0.1 to fix a spec security hole, I'd rather not have the tools tying my hands
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> I'm not sure what the distinctions are between multiple tag sets in one repo vs. two repos with the same set of maintainers
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> we can probably make this a TOB meeting right now ;)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> ^ Not necessarily what I said, but it's possible ;)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> the main think is practical.  It makes sense to release the JSON Schema with the prose spec.  This avoids a chain of PRs
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> it's nicer to fix everything at once
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I don't have a strong optinion (although multiple PRs is annoying)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> another issue is that we want the tools to be able to validate multiple versions, not just the head
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:50:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> shouldn't the structure we release in the specs be able to reflect all past versions?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> for example, we currently switch back and forth between pointers.  Maybe it will be easier after 1.0, but it would have been bad until now
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> what if we kept the schema in the spec but put the code in separate repos
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I think either solution is fine, as long as maintainers are reviewing test code
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:53:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> And we want downstream issues to get pushed back up to the spec
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> not all maintainers are interested in the tool
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:55:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> the specification should stand on its own (without the test suite informing the interpretation)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:56:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> as a maintainer, I feel a responsibility to transmit the intended meaning, and monitoring the test suite is a good way to double-check the spec language
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I don't feel like we're any closer to a conclusion
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> would it be useful to get TOB approval for optional test repositories for each spec if the TDC wants to
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> then it's not a TOB issue, and it's just a question of "what makes the most sense to the spec maintainers"
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:57:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I'm overallocated for one day.  Can another TOB member make that proposal?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> I'm not on the TOB, but I can help draft the proposal (maybe with mrunalp or crosbymichael?) and have John Grossman submit it
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> sounds good
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:58:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I'm happy to review
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jason:</span> I'm happy to review too
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:58:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">RobDolinMS to write up a TOB proposal for optional test repositories</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
