<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2016-07-01 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun  1 17:01:55 2016 UTC.  The chair is vbatts. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2016_07_01_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> chair me?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">wking</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Current chairs: vbatts wking
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">1.0 issues</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">runtime 1.0 issues</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> is crosbymichael on?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> maybe image spec first
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image 1.0 issues</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> plan is to cut 0.2 stuff today
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0-rc
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> actually, vbatts cut 0.2 already
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/11
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> we probably want to punt this^ until after 1.0
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> remaining 0.2 issues: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v0.2.0
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/releases/tag/v0.2.0
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> doing 1.0 before naming is sorted is still valuable
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">runtime 1.0 issues</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> create/start landed last Thursday :)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestones/1.0.0
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/449
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> we're looking over these PRs now^
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> any comments on #449?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:08:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> moved the two remaining issues from v0.2.0 to v1.0.0-rc https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0-rc
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> nothing that I haven't already said on the PR ;)
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dqminh_:</span> #449 looks ok
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> I think PullApprove is making it look like it needs a rebase
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> Is this a PullApprove issue or a GitHub issue
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> the merge button still goes up.  I'm not sure what the issue is
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> did we change a setting?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> I didn't, can we check?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> ah, master is a protected branch, and there's a checkbox that says PR branches have to be up-to-date before merging
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> It's still going to check for conflicts though, right?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> yeah
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:10:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> I don't think we need it
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> I don't think we need it either
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> I agree
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> I unchecked the up-to-date requirement
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/412
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I haven't had new ideas on this
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> Maybe we can go back to the original, sparser namespace docs
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/397
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:11:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking to roll back #412 namespace description</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">add support for cgroup namespace (#397)</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/397 add support for cgroup namespace</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">trevor:</span> We need some way to know if your kernel is going to be compabible
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mruanl:</span> The runtime can detect if a particular namespace is supported
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">???:</span> I agree, seems like having the tool validate is plenty
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tianon:</span> I agree that having the tool validate should be plenty
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> ??? = tianon
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/299
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> RobDolinMS, do you want to take over for notes, or should I keep going?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Separate container sandbox lifecycle from that of the processes inside it #299</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> what are we doig about #299 after create/start.  Is there anything else?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> vbatts or wking - could one of you #chair me so I can update topic too?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> the second part of #299 was post-stop hooks, and we still don't know what we're doing there
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">RobDolinMS</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Current chairs: RobDolinMS vbatts wking
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/299 Separate container sandbox lifecycle from that of the processes inside it #299</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> maybe we can punt on post-stop for 1.0
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> for now, folks who need that sort of thing will need a deeper understanding
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> user may need to reverse-engineer to get post-stop hooks to work
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunal:</span> I agree we should punt from 1.0
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/20
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> I'm just going to let you take notes ;)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Move #299 out of 1.0</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> wking - let's trade-off.  I'll tag-in for now :)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> runc now has a run command that does create and start together
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> We talked about having the more unified command in #384 but it got pulled
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunal:</span> Michael, what are your thoughts?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/473</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> It's a convenience command, it may not need to be in the spec
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ me suggesting we drop hooks
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> One of the other arguments for pre-start hooks was mrunal's pre-pivot mount scenario
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:19:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> would like to better understand use case there
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunal:</span> question is what do we do for 1.0
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> spec gets much simpler if we just get rid of hooks for v1.0
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking to file a hook-dropping PR</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> Would it be OK to use post-stop hooks in runc?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> how would you persist the namespaces?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vishh:</span> It's more about usability that not actually being able to do it
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Are we going to continue supporting hooks in runc or are we going to get rid of them entirely?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> how do I use ‘runc create’ and ‘runc start’ and then be attached to the container? I can’t seem to figure out the right combo of options
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> If we're removing it, remove and everyone can orchestrate through create, start, delete
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> If they're still in config.json, it's odd for one runtime to support and another not to support
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> Maybe have in a seperate hooks.json file
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Annotations are another way to support
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> There is not a spec for the orchestration layer
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:27:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> there is some lack of clarity of what should be put into an image
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> Most people use a hook for networking
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> Do we have a networking spec?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> There are already several
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> so there will be a config file for networking
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> The networking should be de-coupled
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> OK, so what is the decision?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> Either have it and support it, or don't.  It's not good to be in a middle ground.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alagalah&gt;</span> Sorry Question: So Pre-Post Hooks are being taken out of the spec, but the functionality will be there ?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alagalah&gt;</span> I'm interested in this for user space networking.
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> I would prefer for it not to be in config.json
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> Fine as a flag for runc
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> If you're going to have some hooks, is it better to support of have people work through namespaces?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> As far as the spec is concerned, run doesn't exist so everyone should be using the create-start-delete flow
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> We need to have implementers notes on this stuff
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> We could solve this with tooling too
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> It's not that we're preventing people from doing this, we're just not making this obvious
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> +1 to punt for now
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> I hope adding features to the spec wouldn't break existing users.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> For now, it's undefined behavior right now.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> I prefer us supporting post-stop as a first class thing
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> You could have sub-containers as a possible work-around
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> At least on Linux
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> If OCI Tools can gurantee a post-stop hook can run, that's fine
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> Does anyone have a proposal for how to handle this
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Julz:</span> What about exec'ing another container?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> for 1.0 I think we really need these usecases written up in the docs - e.g. exec
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:47:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> so people know how to do them with v1.0
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> We might want to add language into the spec in the future and that should not be a blocker.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:48:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/391</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dug:</span> these seem like pretty common use cases.  We should describe how to do this with 1.0 of the spec
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dug:</span> It should be there for 1.0
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> previous cookbook discussion in #391
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> spec should include the high-level notion of how to do something like exec.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> could include an example of how to do this with runc
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> will help with documentation, but may have questions
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> what do other maintainers think?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> Having clear language would be helpful
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:52:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> where should I re-submit #391?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vish:</span> Would be good to have 2-3 recepies that could be compared
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:53:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking to reroll runtime-spec#391 to include multiple examples and add it to a runtime-spec subdir</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> I'm not sure about location, but have no objection
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> What about a use cases subdirectory with one file per use case?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:56:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Examples / use cases should be in runtime-spec
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> should we include this for 1.0?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> We shouldn't rush 1.0
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:57:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> It shouldn't block
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:57:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Duglin:</span> I agree that examples shouldn't block the release, but we don't have a guarantee that what we claim you can do with the spec, you can actually do
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Duglin ... and that the workflow makes sense
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:58:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Duglin:</span> This is sort of like regression testing
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:59:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OCITools</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:59:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> Do we want tooling to be up-to-date with spec or have tooling follow/offset from spec?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> I need to drop for another call
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> releasing the spec without tooling doesn't make a ton of sense.
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> what about Solaris?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> it's a bigger change to the spec if you have to PR the test suite
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">more discussion in ocitools#83</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">When to cut next runtime-spec release</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> Most of the stuff outstanding is relatively small
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobDolinMS:</span> either v0.6 or v1.0-RC0;  RC0 indicating there may be further RC's
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">v1.1 and v2.0</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Michael: We can create milestones and start moving some issues to those</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
