======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-07-01 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 17:01:55 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-06-01-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* 1.0 issues  (wking, 17:03:04)

* runtime 1.0 issues  (wking, 17:03:15)

* image 1.0 issues  (wking, 17:03:44)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0-rc
    (philips, 17:04:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/11
    (philips, 17:04:28)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/releases/tag/v0.2.0
    (vbatts, 17:05:16)

* runtime 1.0 issues  (wking, 17:05:49)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestones/1.0.0
    (mrunalp, 17:06:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/449
    (mrunalp, 17:06:22)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/412
    (mrunalp, 17:10:47)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/397
    (mrunalp, 17:11:38)
  * ACTION: wking to roll back #412 namespace description  (wking,
    17:11:46)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/397 add
    support for cgroup namespace  (RobDolinMS, 17:12:26)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/299
    (mrunalp, 17:14:42)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/299
    Separate container sandbox lifecycle from that of the processes
    inside it #299  (RobDolinMS, 17:15:58)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/20
    (mrunalp, 17:17:07)
  * AGREED: Move #299 out of 1.0  (RobDolinMS, 17:17:20)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/473
    (wking, 17:18:44)
  * ACTION: wking to file a hook-dropping PR  (wking, 17:21:15)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/391
    (wking, 17:48:32)
  * ACTION: wking to reroll runtime-spec#391 to include multiple
    examples and add it to a runtime-spec subdir  (wking, 17:53:44)

* OCITools  (RobDolinMS, 17:59:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83  (wking,
    17:59:12)
  * ACTION: more discussion in ocitools#83  (wking, 18:03:38)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83
    (RobDolinMS, 18:03:56)

* When to cut next runtime-spec release  (RobDolinMS, 18:04:42)

* v1.1 and v2.0  (RobDolinMS, 18:07:40)
  * Michael: We can create milestones and start moving some issues to
    those  (RobDolinMS, 18:08:04)



Meeting ended at 18:12:55 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* wking
  * wking to roll back #412 namespace description
  * wking to file a hook-dropping PR
  * wking to reroll runtime-spec#391 to include multiple examples and
    add it to a runtime-spec subdir



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (83)
* wking (50)
* mrunalp (6)
* vbatts (5)
* collabot` (5)
* duglin (4)
* philips (3)
* alagalah (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4