<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">2016-01-06 discussion</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan  6 18:03:52 2016 UTC.  The chair is wking. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to '2016_01_06_discussion'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">crosbymichael mrunalp vbatts|work RobDolinMS</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot`&gt;</span> Current chairs: RobDolinMS crosbymichael mrunalp vbatts|work wking
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> http://wking.github.io/nmbug-oci/
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We'll start with existing issues and then discuss planning</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Feedback on --state</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Doug:</span> Is this getting us away from a notion of a OCI file sharing state in the filesystem in a shared location
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/state/dev/q6TYqVZOcX8/W1RVyCXCCQAJ</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/wking/oci-command-line-api/pull/14</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Unpriv'd containers can't necessarily write to file system b/c won't have permissions
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Suggest we touch on this next week (at F2F)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Michael:</span> What happens when you don't pass this flag?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> If you don't pass, the file doesn't get written
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> +1 I’d prefer: runc —id xxx  state
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> I had a different understanding
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:08:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> can people mute
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> should we continue discussion on list?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> vbatts?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts|work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> gracious
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> to be continued on the list, since we're not all on the same page
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> maybe we just say we don't have the directory in the spec so store it where you want.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> concerned about lack of interop in the absence of a global directory
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Doug:</span> It seems like this would be mandating a CLI
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> is personally ok with this, but not sure everyone is onboard
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Not suggesting we remove state, just change requirement of where to store it.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> This just gives the option to get out of global directory
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mikebrow&gt;</span> prefer the requirement be that the location be configurable
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> There is a summary of benefits in the email to list and PR
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crosbymichael&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/blob/master/main.go#L60
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> Will add example of unprivileged user if not added.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking to check for a concrete example of an unprivileged user and add one if missing</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Thanks Trevor :)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">separating device cgroups and mknod</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:14:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/mknod/dev/y_Fsa2_jJaM/SydzptqPBQAJ</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> mrunalp so you can specify devices you want to create without messing with cgroups, which is useful for unprivileged containers
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> How does this help nested containers?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> crosbymichael how does it help nested containers?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> mrunalp there's no current way to opt-out of cgroup device changes
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Having this in the old place requires specifying
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> This simplifies logic and reduces complexity
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> this separation also makes it easy to distinguish between join and join-and-modify cgroups, because you don't have to parse a unified mknod/cgroups to decide if it makes group changes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">http://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/99</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ previous pull request in this direction
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> concerned that if we go too low level, the OCI isn't very useful
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rebase #99 and re-submit</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wking rebase #99 and re-submit</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">mrunalp will post with an example of why this is useful</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">single, unified config file</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">single, unified config file</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/unified$20config$20file/dev/0QbyJDM9fWY/VP-tGxG_DgAJ</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> doesn't care, but stop waffling
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> I'm open to either direction, but want us to choose one and move forward
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> recording reasons for decisions we make would be useful
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Trevor has posted to the list to this effect.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> I’d just like to know when a fireplace became a desk  :-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/88#issuecomment-126516625</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ my initial pushback on "this split is not well defined"
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> once we realized you can override anything, and that the bundle-author config is just a suggestion, unifying makes more sense
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> if we store what we ran, the bundle-author can compare the executed config against their supplied config and see how close they got to something acceptable
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> to me its not so much about what an impl can override, it can always do whatever it wants/needs, rather its about what we think a bundle author might want to specify when running a container - which should probably be a pretty large list.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> agrees that flip-flopping is frustrating
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> Biggest concern is what is host-dependent and what is host-independent
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> This is not solving that problem
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> important to have the primitives available for trust
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> what's the gain by splitting the config?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> b/c one of them is not distributed
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> I’m wondering if it we need to separate the “distribution” discussion from the “run this container” discussion.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Trevor:</span> how is this different?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:35:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> If you have two files (one being changed and one not), the file not being changed can be part of a trust verification process
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> proposes continuing discussion next week
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ I agree that it's worth splitting distribution from "start the container"
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> yes I’ll have a call-in # for the f2f next week
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/284</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ the unification PR
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vbatts|work to write-up perspective on why two files</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Disable new privileges</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/290
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/290</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:38:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> suggests just exposing prctl
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:38:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Brandon had input on this
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> feels like we want a higher-level UI like disableNewPrivileges
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:38:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> suggests it makes sense to have a flag
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> brandon is proposing something more complex
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> We're trying to figure-out which approach we should have in the spec
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> a) Expose raw system calls
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> b) Higher-level fields
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> likes higher level fields and abstractions, because if we're just exposing syscalls, what's the point?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> likes (b)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> this provides more flexibility for unique run-time implementations
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> higher-level APIs like disableNewPrivileges allow different runtimes to implement the feature differently
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:40:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> although if the specs require a particular syscall for implementing that^, I don't see how they could do it differently
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:40:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> We're a step up from the kernel
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Mrunal: we'll just record this in the PR and take it forward next week</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> Maybe we can change th boolean name to be more cross-platform
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> maybe we did that earlier and have since split it out?  Not sure
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">mrunalp to investigate a split-out security section and post notes</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> That's all I had for active issues
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> I’d like to talk about the f2f - just briefly before we end the call
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">splitting the rootfs into a content-addressable entity, not embedded in the bundle</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> suggesting this^
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:44:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> I think this is a distribution issue, so we don't need runtime changes to address it
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/293</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ proposal for stacking layers to create a rootfs
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/6ZKMNWujDhU</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ thread about optional rootfs
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!search/messageid$3A%22CAD2oYtN-9yLLhG_STO3F1h58Bn5QovK$2Bu3wOBa$3Dt$2B7TQi-hP1Q@mail.gmail.com%22/dev/xo4SQ92aWJ8/NHpSQ19KCAAJ</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> ^ most recent bundle/distribution discussion
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> this is not layering, this is content-addressing the whole rootfs filesystem
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Suggests starting a new discussion on the list
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:46:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">will post a new thread to the list explaining this approach</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vbatts|work will post a new thread to the list explaining this approach</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:48:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts|work:</span> could allow you to have separate sigs for rootfs and config, so you could have an audited config from an untrusted user running on a trusted rootfs (e.g. Debian, or whatever, from a more well-known entity)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">milestones</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> talk about them next week?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It makes sense to discuss next week</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:48:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">crosbymichael:</span> talk about feature completion
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Crosby:</span> We're at "alpha" now, let's try to get to "beta"
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> we can punt on image distribution until we get to runtime feature completion
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> f2f doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AtpEgQOc0lzuwRIJuPZgCHdYz4olpTwszsCoeRR1_r4/edit
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> We can have a rotating "release manager" role to make sure we hit milestones
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">discussing the face-to-face meeting</span>
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:50:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Day 1: 10am - 6pm
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Day 1: 10am - 6pm (Pacific)</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:53:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Day 2: 8:30am - 4pm (Pacific)</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Thumbs-up to dinner on day 2</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vincent:</span> that's fine with me
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AtpEgQOc0lzuwRIJuPZgCHdYz4olpTwszsCoeRR1_r4/edit please review topics and add at least a one-liner to the document in advance</span>
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:55:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Doug: We'll decide order when we get there</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Lunch on Day 1 looks like Jimmy John's</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Rob LOVES the #14 with cheese easy mayo ;)
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> BIG THANKS Doug for hosting the F2F !
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
