=========================
#opencontainers: OCI 3/30
=========================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:01:45 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-03-30-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/issues/357  (mrunalp,
  17:03:18)
  * ACTION: Brandon to email LF to go ahead with the rename  (mrunalp,
    17:04:35)

* Create/start split  (mrunalp, 17:04:55)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!msg/dev/qWHoKs8Fsrk/k55FQrBzBgAJ
    (wking, 17:05:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/issues/299  (wking,
    17:49:25)
  * ACTION: julz/duglin to create a new PR  (mrunalp, 17:50:24)



Meeting ended at 17:50:59 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* duglin
  * julz/duglin to create a new PR



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (96)
* mrunalp (9)
* duglin (7)
* JakeWarner|Work (5)
* philips (3)
* collabot` (3)
* vbatts|work (2)
* vishh (2)
* RobDolinMS (1)
* anush (1)
* tianon (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4