<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">21:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">OCI 31/8</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">21:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Aug 31 21:03:33 2016 UTC.  The chair is mrunalp. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">21:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">21:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'oci_31_8'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">21:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> chair me?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">21:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Updates on console/CLI API, if any.</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">21:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">wking</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">21:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Current chairs: mrunalp wking
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">21:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">21:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cyphar&gt;</span> I'm here
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">21:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cyphar&gt;</span> joining
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">21:04:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/543
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">21:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">SHOULD for reverse-DNS names</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">21:05:19 </span><span class="nka">* vbatts</span> <span class="ac">here now</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">21:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> We have SHOULD language, why not use it?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">21:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> lets change the SHOULD to a MUST.  What happens?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">21:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> wking, Should not impose on external spec authors
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">21:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> duglin, This is an encouragement
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">21:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> vbatts concurs
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">21:09:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> Which Issue # or PR # is specifically addressing the reverse-DNS and SHOULD question ?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">21:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/510
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">21:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> I need to add a line about reverse DNS
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">21:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> " SHOULD   This word, or the adjective "RECOMMENDED", mean that there
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">21:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances to ignore a
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">21:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> particular item, but the full implications must be understood and
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">21:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> carefully weighed before choosing a different course.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">21:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> "
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">21:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">21:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wking:</span> Less "should not impose on external spec authors" than "why bother with a SHOULD we never intend to test?"
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">21:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">image-spec 0.5.0</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">21:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3Av0.5.0</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">21:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> I think we can get this one merged with some LGTM's from maintainers: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/226
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">21:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> what's the timeline for 0.5.0?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">21:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> is vbatts cutting out for others too?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">21:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> my big question is refs vs. tags, but philips has clarified that for me
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">21:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tophj&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> yes
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">21:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> in that PR we just need another LGTM
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">21:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> ok wasn’t sure if it was just my line
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">21:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vbatts&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> sorry. I'm thinking my internet at the house is silly.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">21:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> with today’s “great” technology you never know where the issues are.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">21:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> we might want to move this hostname restriction to a runtime-spec SHOULD (I'll do that)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">21:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> not to rehash things but do we reserve org.opencontainers.* or org.opencontainers/*  or both?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">21:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> I think folks liked the . form.  Folks thought / was weird with reverse-DNS (I'll dig up a link for you after the meeting)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">21:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> what about different types of refs?  refs/tags, refs/names, ...?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">21:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> that's fine, or we could create a new directory called images/ or whatever
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">21:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> if we did that, we'd rename refs/ to tags/ and be done with it
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">21:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> are we loosing the word refs?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">21:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;duglin&gt;</span> ‘cause I see kube using things like:   pod.alpha.kubernetes.io/init-containers
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">21:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> yes, unless you see a problem
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">21:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> not a big problem.  But I kind of like the flexibility of generic refs, with tags just being one type of ref
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">21:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> the Docker save format is a little wild-west at the top level, so I sympathize with that argument
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">21:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> but we can merge the tag note
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">21:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> I like keeping things under refs/
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">21:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I think that closes #173, now that the language is clear
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">21:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> stevvooe, do you need help on #208?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">21:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I was waiting to see if folks had a good reason for hash sharding
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">21:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I didn't see any reasons like that
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">21:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> can someone else do the code for #208?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">21:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> runcom?  Can you do the code?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">21:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">runcom|afk:</span> yes
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">21:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> should parsers fail if they find duplicate entries in a tar stream?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">21:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> shuold you keep a set of all entries you'd seen, so you can detect duplicates?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">21:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I think this is pretty much a MUST NOT
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">21:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> if you have a duplicate entry, you get undefined behavior, and shame on you
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">21:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> I was mostly concerned about memory if you keep a set of all entries
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">21:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> I don't think we need to require that, just make it undefined
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">21:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> Do implementers have to check this?  "MUST raise an error" vs. "handling is undefined"
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">21:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> "handling is undefined", so it's up to the implementer
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">21:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> O(N) for entries is mostly small
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">21:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vbatts:</span> I'll put together a vote for 0.5.0 tagging once we get these out
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">21:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> were there major objetions to #212?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">21:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stevvooe&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/212
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">21:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> no major objections
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">21:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> this is mostly cleanup
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">21:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I think it's ok
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">21:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next image-spec milestone</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">21:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> move #212 into 0.5.0?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">21:33:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stevvooe:</span> yeah, I can fix that today
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">21:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> what about extensions?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">21:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">duglin:</span> I should be able to get that done soon
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">21:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> I'll take a swing at #220
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">21:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> we need to figure out what else has to happen before 1.0 stuff starts rolling
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">21:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> other discussion points?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">21:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">separate tool repos</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">21:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/18</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">21:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> RobDolinMS, do you want to talk about this?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">21:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/18
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">21:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> I don't know what happened at the face-to-face, but this PR looks good to me
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">21:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> motivation is just to decouple tooling from specs so they can iterate independently
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">21:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS_&gt;</span> I'm on the line and can hear folks, but sounds lik you guys can't hear my audio
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">21:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS_&gt;</span> The PR currently lists the proposed repos as: runtime-tools and image-tools
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">21:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crosbymichael&gt;</span> hit the magic buttons to unmute
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">21:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crosbymichael&gt;</span> i forget them
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">21:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/18/files#r76834447
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">21:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">philips:</span> no strong opinion, but we should pick one
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">21:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrunalp:</span> so we'll wait for the TOB
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">21:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS_&gt;</span> Someone (Antonio?) had asked for them to be plural
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">21:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wking&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
