======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-07-20 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 21:03:27 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-07-20-21.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* image-spec 0.4.0  (wking, 21:03:35)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513/files
    (mrunalp, 21:14:02)

* runtime-spec command line API  (wking, 21:14:09)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/511
    (wking, 21:14:23)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513
    (wking, 21:14:29)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/518
    (mrunalp, 21:24:46)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513#issuecomment-232857404
    (wking, 21:29:51)
  * ACTION: wking will reroll #513 to add --pid-file  (wking, 21:31:21)
  * ACTION: cyphar to look at --console vs. the command line spec in the
    next week or so  (wking, 21:32:38)



Meeting ended at 21:42:38 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* cyphar
  * cyphar to look at --console vs. the command line spec in the next
    week or so
* wking
  * wking will reroll #513 to add --pid-file



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (68)
* mrunalp (5)
* cyphar (4)
* collabot (3)
* mikebrow (2)
* stevvooe (2)
* RobDolinMS (1)
* duglin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4