======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-03-09 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 18:02:46 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-03-09-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* seccomp and rlimits  (vbatts, 18:03:15)
  * ACTION: vishh to open an issue or start a thread about sandbox vs.
    process  (wking, 18:27:07)

* labels and annotations  (wking, 18:27:32)
  * ACTION: vishh to update PR for only annotations  (vbatts, 18:48:10)

* json schema  (vbatts, 18:48:34)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/313  (vbatts,
    18:48:38)
  * LINK:
    https://gist.github.com/vbatts/5ac2723c9598875ffb0e#file-config-json-L22
    (vbatts, 18:52:43)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/vbatts/specs/blob/json-schema/schema/schema.json#L113
    (vbatts, 18:53:43)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/313/files#diff-03fdd7c9cbfa0f152151695060d85cb6R73
    (vbatts, 18:55:19)
  * ACTION: vbatts rename the ./src/specs/ to ./specs-go/  (vbatts,
    19:02:05)



Meeting ended at 19:02:17 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* vbatts
  * vbatts rename the ./src/specs/ to ./specs-go/
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * vishh to open an issue or start a thread about sandbox vs. process
  * vishh to update PR for only annotations



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (60)
* vbatts (25)
* collabot` (6)
* duglin (6)
* mrunalp (4)
* julz_ (4)
* RobDolinMS (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4