<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">OCI Dev ConCall</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 17 18:12:42 2016 UTC.  The chair is RobDolinMS. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;collabot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'oci_dev_concall'
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> I disagree with Doug
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> concerned about including info in the distributable image
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> How do we move forward?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> I'm putting this question to the TOB
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/293
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> TOB repo with members and list: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/tob/_MIc_QKHaII
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> I just want the TOB to have a crisp explanation
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;philips&gt;</span> <span class="hi">counter-proposal:</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/293#issuecomment-169276204
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Maintainers and TDC should review the proposal and await feedback from TOB</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ops PR</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/225
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Maintainers should take a look</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other PRs</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Brandon will move the image format PR to v0.5</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:24:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrunalp&gt;</span> https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/276
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OCI Tools</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> OCI Tools needs a spec update
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> we should first merge v0.3.0 and then update the PRs
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Brandon:</span> Do we need to be tagging stuff on a more regular basis?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Mrunal:</span> Probably, I've just been traveling.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobDolinMS&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
