======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-10-19 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 21:00:57 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-10-19-21.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/591
  (mrunalp, 21:03:43)
* Allowing read-only containers: require mount destinations  (wking,
  21:04:04)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/591
    (wking, 21:04:10)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/1125  (wking,
    21:05:25)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513
    (mrunalp, 21:06:01)

* stdio container setup  (wking, 21:08:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513
    (wking, 21:08:46)

* runtime-tools maintainers  (wking, 21:23:24)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools/pull/249
    (mrunalp, 21:23:25)

* image-spec vote for rc2  (wking, 21:24:33)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/eurcUUQRLRs
    (wking, 21:24:52)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/314
    (wking, 21:25:18)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/22#issuecomment-254605473
    (stevvooe, 21:27:08)

* image signing  (wking, 21:27:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/22
    (wking, 21:27:22)
  * ACTION: stevvooe to file a 1.0 condition framing the signature
    approach  (wking, 21:31:58)

* image-spec conformance language  (wking, 21:33:17)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/381  (wking,
    21:33:42)
  * ACTION: philips to file a comment about cleaning up the existing
    manifest-list language  (wking, 21:40:30)

* KubeCon face to face  (wking, 21:40:44)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to email the list about a KubeCon face-to-face
    (wking, 21:41:21)



Meeting ended at 21:41:48 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* philips
  * philips to file a comment about cleaning up the existing
    manifest-list language
* stevvooe
  * stevvooe to file a 1.0 condition framing the signature approach



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (71)
* mrunalp (11)
* collabot (4)
* philips (1)
* stevvooe (1)
* vbatts (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4