======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-05-11 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 17:03:02 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-05-11-17.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/384
  (mrunalp, 17:03:35)
* create/start split  (wking, 17:03:38)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/412/files
    (mrunalp, 17:20:46)

* Explicit container namespace for uid, gid  (wking, 17:21:11)

* post-stop hooks  (wking, 17:24:41)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/395
    (mrunalp, 17:24:45)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to comment on #384 about host mount namespace access
    (wking, 17:34:44)

* dockercon meetup  (wking, 18:02:35)



Meeting ended at 18:03:13 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrunalp
  * mrunalp to comment on #384 about host mount namespace access



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (130)
* JakeWarner (31)
* collabot` (4)
* mrunalp (3)
* mikebrow (2)
* RobDolinMS (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4