======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-05-04 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 17:00:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-05-04-17.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* reviewing open PRs  (wking, 17:03:28)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/411
    (mrunalp, 17:03:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestones
    (vbatts, 17:10:03)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/417
    (mrunalp, 17:15:32)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/415
    (mrunalp, 17:17:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/405
    (mrunalp, 17:19:06)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/397
    (mrunalp, 17:19:56)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/412/files
    (mrunalp, 17:20:42)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/384
    (mrunalp, 17:23:14)
  * ACTION: wking to reroll #412 with more clarification  (wking,
    17:23:21)
  * ACTION: duglin to write a high level explanation  (wking, 17:38:11)
  * ACTION: duglin to reroll create/start to make for-delete namespace
    pinning optional  (wking, 17:55:21)

* DockerCon face-to-face?  (wking, 17:55:34)
  * ACTION: duglin to look for a half-day room  (wking, 17:57:26)

* splitting create/start  (wking, 17:57:48)



Meeting ended at 17:58:18 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* duglin
  * duglin to write a high level explanation
  * duglin to reroll create/start to make for-delete namespace pinning
    optional
  * duglin to look for a half-day room
* wking
  * wking to reroll #412 with more clarification



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (125)
* mrunalp (7)
* vbatts (4)
* collabot` (4)
* philips (3)
* mikebrow_ (1)
* duglin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4