<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opencontainers: OCI 6/8</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opencontainers: OCI 6/8</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:01:26 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/87">https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/87</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-5'>mrunalp</a>,
    17:01:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">philips to PR
    a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted use-cases from the
    meeting discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-67'>wking</a>,
    17:25:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">image-spec 1.0 procedures</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-68'>wking</a>, 17:25:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/2">https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/2</a>
    would help clarify the TDC definition <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-82'>wking</a>,
    17:30:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">philips to
    write up a policy proposal for handling release stamping to apply to
    all OCI projects</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-98'>wking</a>,
    17:38:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">ocitools as an OCI Project</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-104'>wking</a>, 17:43:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83">https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-106'>wking</a>,
    17:43:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">RobDolinMS to
    write up a TOB proposal for optional test repositories</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html#l-143'>wking</a>,
    17:58:45)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:58:56 UTC
(<a href="opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>philips to PR a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted use-cases from the meeting discussion</li>
  <li>philips to write up a policy proposal for handling release stamping to apply to all OCI projects</li>
  <li>RobDolinMS to write up a TOB proposal for optional test repositories</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> philips <ol>
    <li>philips to PR a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted use-cases from the meeting discussion</li>
    <li>philips to write up a policy proposal for handling release stamping to apply to all OCI projects</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> RobDolinMS <ol>
    <li>RobDolinMS to write up a TOB proposal for optional test repositories</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>wking (128)</li>
  <li>collabot` (4)</li>
  <li>mrunalp (3)</li>
  <li>RobDolinMS (3)</li>
  <li>duglin (3)</li>
  <li>JakeWarner|Work (2)</li>
  <li>philips (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
