======================================
#opencontainers: 2015-01-27 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 18:00:47 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-01-27-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: duglin rebase ops PR  (RobDolinMS, 18:05:24)
* LINK:
  https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/225#issuecomment-172633075
  (wking, 18:06:22)
* Present: anuthan, crosbymichael, duglin, jlb13, Liangchenye, Mike
  Brown (mikebrow), Mrunal Patel (mrunal), RobDolinMS, tianon, wking,
  Vishnu Kannan (vishh)  (RobDolinMS, 18:08:29)
* Present: Guest (vbatts)  (RobDolinMS, 18:10:38)
* when are pre-start hooks executed?  (wking, 18:14:30)
  * ACTION: : Mrunal post example case that doesn't work  (RobDolinMS,
    18:23:15)

* JSON Schema validation  (wking, 18:24:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/313  (wking,
    18:24:58)
  * LINK: https://openapis.org/  (RobDolinMS, 18:32:06)
  * ACTION: Vincent to continue iterating  (RobDolinMS, 18:34:26)
  * Doug has a PR and would like someone to take a look  (RobDolinMS,
    18:34:48)
  * ACTION: vishh to take a look at PR  (RobDolinMS, 18:34:57)
  * ACTION: Mrunal will start a thread about v0.4 issues  (RobDolinMS,
    18:36:02)



Meeting ended at 18:39:03 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* duglin
  * duglin rebase ops PR
* vishh
  * vishh to take a look at PR
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * : Mrunal post example case that doesn't work
  * Vincent to continue iterating
  * Mrunal will start a thread about v0.4 issues



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (62)
* wking (16)
* mikebrow (9)
* jlb13 (5)
* tianon (5)
* duglin (5)
* collabot (4)
* crosbymichael (3)
* vbatts|work (2)
* vishh (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4