======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-01-06 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 18:03:52 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-01-06-18.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: http://wking.github.io/nmbug-oci/  (mrunalp, 18:04:23)
* We'll start with existing issues and then discuss planning
  (RobDolinMS, 18:04:46)
* Feedback on --state  (wking, 18:04:50)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/state/dev/q6TYqVZOcX8/W1RVyCXCCQAJ
    (wking, 18:06:00)
  * LINK: https://github.com/wking/oci-command-line-api/pull/14  (wking,
    18:06:18)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/blob/master/main.go#L60
    (crosbymichael, 18:11:23)
  * ACTION: wking to check for a concrete example of an unprivileged
    user and add one if missing  (wking, 18:11:31)

* separating device cgroups and mknod  (wking, 18:13:43)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/mknod/dev/y_Fsa2_jJaM/SydzptqPBQAJ
    (wking, 18:14:19)
  * LINK: http://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/99  (wking,
    18:17:47)
  * ACTION: rebase #99 and re-submit  (wking, 18:19:21)
  * ACTION: wking rebase #99 and re-submit  (wking, 18:19:28)
  * ACTION: mrunalp will post with an example of why this is useful
    (wking, 18:19:37)
  * ACTION: single, unified config file  (wking, 18:19:46)

* single, unified config file  (wking, 18:19:51)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!searchin/dev/unified$20config$20file/dev/0QbyJDM9fWY/VP-tGxG_DgAJ
    (wking, 18:20:13)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/88#issuecomment-126516625
    (wking, 18:21:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/284  (wking,
    18:36:54)
  * ACTION: vbatts|work to write-up perspective on why two files
    (RobDolinMS, 18:36:59)

* Disable new privileges  (wking, 18:37:27)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/290  (mrunalp,
    18:37:33)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/290  (wking,
    18:37:34)
  * Mrunal: we'll just record this in the PR and take it forward next
    week  (RobDolinMS, 18:41:07)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to investigate a split-out security section and post
    notes  (wking, 18:42:01)

* splitting the rootfs into a content-addressable entity, not embedded
  in the bundle  (wking, 18:43:38)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/293  (wking,
    18:44:58)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/6ZKMNWujDhU
    (wking, 18:45:31)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!search/messageid$3A%22CAD2oYtN-9yLLhG_STO3F1h58Bn5QovK$2Bu3wOBa$3Dt$2B7TQi-hP1Q@mail.gmail.com%22/dev/xo4SQ92aWJ8/NHpSQ19KCAAJ
    (wking, 18:46:19)
  * ACTION: will post a new thread to the list explaining this approach
    (wking, 18:46:56)
  * ACTION: vbatts|work will post a new thread to the list explaining
    this approach  (wking, 18:47:02)

* milestones  (wking, 18:48:30)
  * It makes sense to discuss next week  (RobDolinMS, 18:48:40)

* discussing the face-to-face meeting  (wking, 18:50:16)
  * Day 1: 10am - 6pm (Pacific)  (RobDolinMS, 18:52:45)
  * Day 2: 8:30am - 4pm (Pacific)  (RobDolinMS, 18:53:14)
  * Thumbs-up to dinner on day 2  (RobDolinMS, 18:53:35)
  * LINK:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AtpEgQOc0lzuwRIJuPZgCHdYz4olpTwszsCoeRR1_r4/edit
    please review topics and add at least a one-liner to the document in
    advance  (RobDolinMS, 18:55:06)
  * Doug: We'll decide order when we get there  (RobDolinMS, 18:55:17)
  * Lunch on Day 1 looks like Jimmy John's  (RobDolinMS, 18:56:02)



Meeting ended at 18:57:16 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrunalp
  * mrunalp will post with an example of why this is useful
  * mrunalp to investigate a split-out security section and post notes
* vbatts|work
  * vbatts|work to write-up perspective on why two files
  * vbatts|work will post a new thread to the list explaining this
    approach
* wking
  * wking to check for a concrete example of an unprivileged user and
    add one if missing
  * wking rebase #99 and re-submit
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * rebase #99 and re-submit
  * single, unified config file
  * will post a new thread to the list explaining this approach



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (61)
* RobDolinMS (57)
* duglin (9)
* collabot` (4)
* mrunalp (2)
* crosbymichael (1)
* vbatts|work (1)
* mikebrow (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4