======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-03-02 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 18:01:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-03-02-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* To abstract exec, or not?  (vbatts, 18:02:28)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/COlUEJsOIIc
    (mrunalp, 18:03:53)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/COlUEJsOIIc
    (vbatts, 18:05:52)
  * ACTION: CrosbyMichael to prepare PR  (RobDolinMS, 18:14:01)

* Next Milestone  (RobDolinMS, 18:14:16)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3Av0.4.0
    (vbatts, 18:14:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/276  (mrunalp,
    18:14:54)

* Labels  (RobDolinMS, 18:23:53)
  * ACTION: : Vishh to propose PRs  (RobDolinMS, 18:29:41)



Meeting ended at 18:35:52 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (31)
* vbatts (8)
* mrunalp (4)
* collabot` (4)
* anuthan (2)
* wking (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4