========================
#opencontainers: OCI 6/8
========================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:01:26 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-06-08-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/87
  (mrunalp, 17:01:52)
* ACTION: philips to PR a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted
  use-cases from the meeting discussion  (wking, 17:25:37)
* image-spec 1.0 procedures  (wking, 17:25:51)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/issues/2 would help
    clarify the TDC definition  (wking, 17:30:27)
  * ACTION: philips to write up a policy proposal for handling release
    stamping to apply to all OCI projects  (wking, 17:38:56)

* ocitools as an OCI Project  (wking, 17:43:03)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/ocitools/issues/83  (wking,
    17:43:53)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to write up a TOB proposal for optional test
    repositories  (wking, 17:58:45)



Meeting ended at 17:58:56 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* philips
  * philips to PR a discussion of ExposedPorts with assorted use-cases
    from the meeting discussion
  * philips to write up a policy proposal for handling release stamping
    to apply to all OCI projects
* RobDolinMS
  * RobDolinMS to write up a TOB proposal for optional test repositories



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (128)
* collabot` (4)
* mrunalp (3)
* RobDolinMS (3)
* duglin (3)
* JakeWarner|Work (2)
* philips (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4