======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-09-07 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 21:00:24 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-09-07-21.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/554
  (mrunalp, 21:06:37)
* https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/554  (mrunalp,
  21:07:19)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/411
    (wking, 21:13:45)

* runtime-spec 1.0.0-rc2  (wking, 21:16:25)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/5qj2hATVxew
    (wking, 21:16:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestone/7
    (philips, 21:21:05)

* image-spec v0.5.0 milestone  (wking, 21:21:08)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestone/7
    (wking, 21:21:15)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestone/3
    (philips, 21:22:50)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/164  (wking,
    21:23:19)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/233  (wking,
    21:24:39)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/233#issuecomment-245415558
    (philips, 21:24:56)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/224
    (stevvooe, 21:28:59)

* Dropping rootfs.type  (wking, 21:28:59)
  * ACTION: wking to replace #224 with another PR to actually define
    rootfs.type  (wking, 21:32:23)

* image-spec v1.0 milestone  (wking, 21:33:29)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/126
    (wking, 21:33:36)

* Tool repositories  (wking, 21:34:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/18  (wking,
    21:34:50)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/18  (philips,
    21:34:58)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to update the list of initial tool maintainers to
    match the spec maintainers  (wking, 21:38:27)
  * ACTION: philips to put the tool-repo proposal up for a vote  (wking,
    21:38:40)



Meeting ended at 21:39:12 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* philips
  * philips to put the tool-repo proposal up for a vote
* RobDolinMS
  * RobDolinMS to update the list of initial tool maintainers to match
    the spec maintainers
* wking
  * wking to replace #224 with another PR to actually define rootfs.type



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (85)
* cyphar (7)
* mrunalp (6)
* vbatts|work (5)
* stevvooe (5)
* collabot (5)
* philips (4)
* stephenrwalli (1)
* RobDolinMS (1)
* duglin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4