=========================
#opencontainers: OCI 6/15
=========================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:01:55 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-06-15-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/15  (philips,
  17:02:26)
* release-approval process  (wking, 17:03:49)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/15  (wking,
    17:03:57)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/15#discussion_r67036851
    (philips, 17:08:25)
  * ACTION: philips to add quorum language after the meeting  (wking,
    17:08:25)

* image-spec 0.3 release  (wking, 17:08:36)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0-rc1
    (philips, 17:08:54)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/RobDolinMS/tob/blob/master/proposals/tools.md
    (mrunalp, 17:09:44)

* no meeting next week  (wking, 17:11:17)



Meeting ended at 17:12:15 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* philips
  * philips to add quorum language after the meeting



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (34)
* stevvooe (6)
* collabot` (5)
* mrunalp (4)
* philips (3)
* vbatts (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4