======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-11-30 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 22:05:32 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-11-30-22.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* runtime-spec command line API  (wking, 22:05:48)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/513
    (wking, 22:05:54)
  * ACTION: crosbymichael to comment about socket handling in the PR
    (wking, 22:06:08)

* anchor updates  (wking, 22:06:50)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to work up PRs for Markdown anchors for the rest
    of runtime-spec  (wking, 22:08:47)

* runtime testing feedback  (wking, 22:09:09)
  * ACTION: stephenrwalli to PR Fedora notes for runtime-tools  (wking,
    22:10:30)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to PR Ubuntu notes for runtime-tools  (wking,
    22:10:42)

* image-spec rc3  (wking, 22:11:49)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/438  (wking,
    22:22:36)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/manifest-list.md
    (stevvooe, 22:27:51)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/438/files
    (stevvooe, 22:29:37)
  * ACTION: stevvooe to add comments to the PR about a manifest-list
    approach  (wking, 22:30:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/451
    (stevvooe, 22:41:01)

* Shipping runtime-spec configs  (wking, 22:41:11)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/451  (wking,
    22:41:16)
  * ACTION: stevvooe to post a comment explaining why this is a bad idea
    (wking, 22:47:35)

* image-tools maintenance  (wking, 22:53:25)
  * ACTION: RobDolinMS to open an issue about image-tools snage  (wking,
    22:53:56)



Meeting ended at 22:54:15 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* RobDolinMS
  * RobDolinMS to work up PRs for Markdown anchors for the rest of
    runtime-spec
  * RobDolinMS to PR Ubuntu notes for runtime-tools
  * RobDolinMS to open an issue about image-tools snage
* stephenrwalli
  * stephenrwalli to PR Fedora notes for runtime-tools
* stevvooe
  * stevvooe to add comments to the PR about a manifest-list approach
  * stevvooe to post a comment explaining why this is a bad idea



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (111)
* stevvooe (10)
* collabot` (3)
* stephenrwalli (1)
* mrunalp (1)
* RobDolinMS (1)
* duglin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4