17:03:33 <mrunalp> #startmeeting OCI 5/25
17:03:33 <collabot`> Meeting started Wed May 25 17:03:33 2016 UTC.  The chair is mrunalp. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
17:03:33 <collabot`> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
17:03:33 <collabot`> The meeting name has been set to 'oci_5_25'
17:03:38 <mrunalp> #chair RobDolinMS
17:03:38 <collabot`> Current chairs: RobDolinMS mrunalp
17:03:46 <RobDolinMS> #topic create start PR
17:04:12 <RobDolinMS> Mrunal: Doug, I think the create start PR needs updats based on review comments
17:04:23 <RobDolinMS> #action duglin update create start PR based on review comments
17:04:53 <RobDolinMS> Mrunal: Is moving to latest version of go a big issue?
17:04:58 <philips> joining now
17:05:01 <RobDolinMS> CrosbyMichael: It should be fine
17:06:32 <RobDolinMS> Mrunal: Anything else on create start ?
17:06:48 <RobDolinMS> #topic Current status of spec(s)
17:08:25 <RobDolinMS> #info RobDolinMS is continuing to gather feedback from Windows Containers folks
17:08:42 <RobDolinMS> Brandon: We should continue to focus and triage
17:08:58 <RobDolinMS> Brandon: This is not the last release of OCI ever
17:09:01 <brandon> philips: *
17:10:00 <RobDolinMS> CrosbyMichael: We could do a 1.0-RC instead of a 0.6
17:10:33 <RobDolinMS> Philips: Could we dump the create start stop and make that a 1.1 feature?
17:10:58 <RobDolinMS> MrunalP: CrosbyMichael has a PR and it just needs more reviewers
17:12:08 <RobDolinMS> #info Looking at a 1.0 of both the runtime-spec and runc in the DockerCon timeframe
17:12:24 <RobDolinMS> 303/Denver: What matters is that it is useful and complete
17:12:28 <jlb13> oh that was me :)
17:12:43 <jlb13> Jesse Butler, sorry... i have isssues with this site.
17:13:20 <RobDolinMS> CrosbyMichael: We have create start stop figured-out it just needs to be reviewed
17:13:45 <RobDolinMS> Philips: If people are willing to do the work, that seems fine
17:14:40 <RobDolinMS> Duglin: I'm OK with having the spec PR match the runc PR
17:14:56 <RobDolinMS> CrosbyMichael: If not done by Friday, it's either in or out
17:15:03 <RobDolinMS> MrunalP: that makes sense
17:15:30 <JakeWarner> mrunalp:  Sounds good to me
17:16:07 <RobDolinMS> #agreed Friday is the deadline for getting the runc PR and the spec PR in
17:16:35 <RobDolinMS> Philips: Similarly, I'm trying to get the OCI Image format toward 1.0 for June
17:17:42 <RobDolinMS> RobDolinMS: Are you getting folks looking at the image format spec?
17:18:11 <RobDolinMS> Philips: Stephen Day (Docker) and Brendan Burns (Google) have been active
17:18:20 <RobDolinMS> Philips: Would welcome help
17:18:21 <philips> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones
17:18:43 <RobDolinMS> #topic Review of spec making sure MUST and SHOULD are included and make sense
17:18:49 <philips> planning to get v0.2.0 out this week: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v0.2.0
17:18:56 <RobDolinMS> MrunalP: Do we want to review now?
17:19:17 <RobDolinMS> CrosbyMichael: Let's do async
17:20:06 <philips> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0
17:20:20 <RobDolinMS> #info Runtime-spec 1.0-RC targeted for afternoon of Wed, 6/1
17:20:27 <philips> oh and Vbatts from Red Hat has been super super helpful as well on review and getting stuff forward on the Image Spec
17:21:00 <RobDolinMS> Philips talking to registry implementers
17:22:29 <RobDolinMS> #info Image-spec v0.2 targeted for end-of-week (Fri, 5/27)
17:23:12 <RobDolinMS> #action Philips to Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this week
17:23:55 <philips> https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones
17:24:00 <philips> june 7th v1.0.0-rc
17:24:16 <RobDolinMS> #info Image-spec v1.0-RC targeted for week of 6/6 - 6/10 (ETA Tue, 6/7)
17:26:48 <crosbymichael> duglin: so you and I need to make sure create/start are good to go
17:26:55 <crosbymichael> just ping me if you need anything
17:27:10 <duglin> yep was going to revamp the spec PR and then ping you - hopefully in a few hours
17:31:19 <crosbymichael> i'm updating the milestones on the runtime stuff
17:32:30 <mrunalp> crosbymichael, cool, I'll also take a look
17:32:57 <RobDolinMS> #EndMeeting