======================================
#opencontainers: 2016-01-20 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 18:02:23 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-01-20-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* versioning OCI repos  (wking, 18:03:14)
  * Spec is primary version and other repos should match spec
    (RobDolinMS, 18:06:59)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to setup these branches in opencontainers/ocitools
    (wking, 18:07:07)

* JSON Schema for validation  (wking, 18:08:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/313  (wking,
    18:08:27)
  * : Present: on BlueJeans call: Mrunal Patel, Abhijeeth Nuthan,
    Brandon Philips, Dug, Guest, Jesse Butler, julz, Mike Brown...
    (RobDolinMS, 18:12:37)

* single, unified config file  (wking, 18:12:57)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/284  (wking,
    18:13:01)
  * : Present on BlueJeans call: ... Tianon, Trevor King, Vincent Boen
    Batts, Vishnu Kannan  (RobDolinMS, 18:13:05)
  * ACTION: wking to reroll #284 on the current master  (wking,
    18:13:31)

* splitting mknod from device cgroups  (wking, 18:13:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/298  (wking,
    18:13:53)
  * : Now present on call: Jason Bouzane  (RobDolinMS, 18:16:15)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/298/files#diff-b753d6f046da0a2956b5218efd779b7fR119
    (wking, 18:17:33)
  * : Now present on BlueJeans call: crosbymichael  (RobDolinMS,
    18:20:39)

* prctl vs DisableNewPrivileges  (wking, 18:26:40)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/milestones/v0.3.0
    (vbatts, 18:26:41)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/290  (wking,
    18:26:44)
  * ACTION: mrunalp to reroll with the consistent name  (wking,
    18:28:39)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/225  (mrunalp,
    18:29:06)

* expanded ops definitions  (wking, 18:29:11)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/225  (wking,
    18:29:19)
  * ACTION: Maintainers should review  (RobDolinMS, 18:32:40)

* separate source and schema  (wking, 18:34:29)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/276  (wking,
    18:34:36)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465  (duglin,
    18:40:27)
  * Targeting Wed, Feb 3rd for v0.3.0  (RobDolinMS, 18:40:27)

* Split of Create and Start  (RobDolinMS, 18:40:36)
  * LINK:    (wking, 18:40:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465  (wking,
    18:40:46)
  * LINK: https://github.com/wking/ccon#host  (wking, 18:49:57)
  * ACTION: crosbymichael to continue the discussion in
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465  (wking, 18:55:55)
  * ACTION: julz to continue the discussion in
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465  (wking, 18:56:01)



Meeting ended at 18:56:07 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrunalp
  * mrunalp to setup these branches in opencontainers/ocitools
  * mrunalp to reroll with the consistent name
* wking
  * wking to reroll #284 on the current master
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Maintainers should review
  * crosbymichael to continue the discussion in
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465
  * julz to continue the discussion in
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/465



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (77)
* RobDolinMS (25)
* duglin (7)
* collabot` (5)
* vbatts (1)
* mrunalp (1)
* lk4d4 (1)
* vbatts|work (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4