=========================
#opencontainers: OCI 5/25
=========================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 17:03:33 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-05-25-17.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* create start PR  (RobDolinMS, 17:03:46)
  * ACTION: duglin update create start PR based on review comments
    (RobDolinMS, 17:04:23)

* Current status of spec(s)  (RobDolinMS, 17:06:48)
  * RobDolinMS is continuing to gather feedback from Windows Containers
    folks  (RobDolinMS, 17:08:25)
  * Looking at a 1.0 of both the runtime-spec and runc in the DockerCon
    timeframe  (RobDolinMS, 17:12:08)
  * AGREED: Friday is the deadline for getting the runc PR and the spec
    PR in  (RobDolinMS, 17:16:07)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones
    (philips, 17:18:21)

* Review of spec making sure MUST and SHOULD are included and make sense
  (RobDolinMS, 17:18:43)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones/v1.0.0
    (philips, 17:20:06)
  * Runtime-spec 1.0-RC targeted for afternoon of Wed, 6/1  (RobDolinMS,
    17:20:20)
  * Image-spec v0.2 targeted for end-of-week (Fri, 5/27)  (RobDolinMS,
    17:22:29)
  * ACTION: Philips to Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this
    week  (RobDolinMS, 17:23:12)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/milestones
    (philips, 17:23:55)
  * Image-spec v1.0-RC targeted for week of 6/6 - 6/10 (ETA Tue, 6/7)
    (RobDolinMS, 17:24:16)



Meeting ended at 17:32:57 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* duglin
  * duglin update create start PR based on review comments
* philips
  * Philips to Image-Spec v0.2 release as VBatts is OOF this week



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (34)
* philips (7)
* collabot` (4)
* crosbymichael (3)
* mrunalp (3)
* jlb13 (2)
* JakeWarner (1)
* brandon (1)
* duglin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4