================================
#opencontainers: OCI Dev ConCall
================================


Meeting started by RobDolinMS at 18:12:42 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-02-17-18.12.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/293  (philips,
  18:15:12)
* LINK:
  https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/tob/_MIc_QKHaII
  (philips, 18:19:08)
* ACTION: Maintainers and TDC should review the proposal and await
  feedback from TOB  (RobDolinMS, 18:21:49)
* Ops PR  (RobDolinMS, 18:21:53)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/225  (mrunalp,
    18:21:55)
  * ACTION: Maintainers should take a look  (RobDolinMS, 18:22:42)

* Other PRs  (RobDolinMS, 18:23:14)
  * ACTION: Brandon will move the image format PR to v0.5  (RobDolinMS,
    18:23:46)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/specs/pull/276  (mrunalp,
    18:24:36)

* OCI Tools  (RobDolinMS, 18:26:41)



Meeting ended at 18:28:38 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* RobDolinMS (17)
* philips (4)
* collabot (3)
* mrunalp (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4