========================
#opencontainers: OCI 8/3
========================


Meeting started by mrunalp at 21:01:48 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2016/opencontainers.2016-08-03-21.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/518
  (mrunalp, 21:03:28)
* ACTION: mrunalp ask about a certification homepage at the next
  compliance meeting (in a week or two)  (wking, 21:15:49)
* ACTION: mrunalp to start working on spec subsection wording  (wking,
  21:24:27)
* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/179  (wking,
  21:27:14)
* LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/171  (wking,
  21:28:24)
* LINK:
  https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/171#discussion_r73021516
  (vbatts, 21:29:49)
* LINK:
  https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/3xiHKjDSvCc
  (wking, 21:36:11)



Meeting ended at 21:42:17 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrunalp
  * mrunalp ask about a certification homepage at the next compliance
    meeting (in a week or two)
  * mrunalp to start working on spec subsection wording



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (92)
* mrunalp (5)
* collabot (3)
* cyphar (3)
* crosbymichael (1)
* vbatts (1)
* dqminh (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4