# OCI TOB: 2/3 March Call

## Attendees

- Phil Estes
- Steve Lasker
- Jon Johnson
- Vincent Batts
- Wei Fu
- Samuel Karp
- Derek McGowan
- Amye Scavarda Perrin

## Agenda Items

- TOB-specific discussion: what's our voting process?
  - <https://github.com/opencontainers/tob#voting>
- TOB decision criteria: a view on charter/OCI scope
  - see [OCI Governance](https://www.opencontainers.org/about/governance)
  - see [OCI Scope Table](https://www.opencontainers.org/about/oci-scope-table) *Note: potentially outdated?*
- TOB proposals that require a vote
  1. ORAS: [proposal: PR#68](https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/68)
  2. umoci: [proposal: PR#67](https://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/67)

## Notes

- Assume continue with simple voting process; no exact timelines, but effectively proposals:
  - should get 2-4 weeks of community feedback period as a GH PR to tob repo
  - TOB should have discussion (online or via scheduled call), followed by one week voting period for TOB
  - Governance specifies requirement for 2/3rds majority for TOB votes
  - Important thing is to not let proposals die on the vine--get proposers an answer in a reasonable timeframe.
- Discussion on history of OCI projects; talked about runc, the initial specs, image-tools and runtime-tools, distribution spec, selinux and go-digest projects.
  - SteveL: why was runc OCI vs. CNCF? OCI creation happened prior to CNCF existence by a few months. CNCF took a bit to clarify what their purpose was; initially focused on Kubernetes itself, of course.
- Discussed differences between OCI and CNCF around governance, expectations of projects, etc.
- Derek: We have to decide what OCI offers projects that would join the OCI org, and if we believe what that is is actually valuable, then we have to figure out how to update the scope table to make them fit in the scheme/governance of the organization.
- Unique spot between specs/ref. implementations at the "low end"; mostly in OCI versus "project/product" oriented open source in CNCF--Harbor, Helm, Kubernetes, etc.; do they **need** to fit somewhere or simply sit where they are and continue being useful to a specific group of people.
- We need to build a framework to help us make this decision at the OCI TOB level and then test it against libraries/projects/etc. and decide if that's the outcome that makes sense.
  - Should writeup what we believe the revised scope of the OCI is
  - Litmus test that scope against the existing projects
  - Are we happy if a project wouldn't be part of OCI if submitted today?
  - We don't have to evict any projects, rather we may grandfather a project if it doesn't meet our new guidelines. Just interesting to test, what would we do today with this project?
- Once we have this framing, we can consider ORAS and umoci.

## Categorizing Project Types

By identifying different types of projects, we can discuss which are appropriate for the OCI. We've said cross company/org SPECs are the start. Full on projects/products are not part of our governance. But, where do we draw the line in the middle?

- Spec Conformance Tests appear to meet the bar
- A supportive library, for meeting the goals of the spec starts the grey line
- Reference implementation - is this beyond? Would we bring in docker/distribution, quay or harbor?

Below are set of types, where we should elaborate a bit on their definition.
Teams that wish to submit their projects to OCI would understand the scope of what we intend to support, so they can either reshape their project to fit within the guidelines, or look to other governing bodies that might be more appropriate.

### Spec

### Spec Conformance Test

A set of runnable tests that demonstrate of a project or product meets the definition of the spec

### Library

*Need to define the scope of a library.*

### Reference Implementation

- Should define the difference between Reference Implementation and a Project/Product
- Something that can be run, outside a specific cloud which adheres to the spec it references.
- For the refernece implementation to be adopted by OCI, it would need to be kept in sync with the spec. For a change to be accepted to the spec, the equivalent implementation would need to be authored and accepted as well. (Ordering and dependency is another interesting question)

### Project or Product

Something that a user would run directly, for a set of functionality

## Value to the Project and Scope of OCI Governance

- What should a project expect, or not expect by adoption to the OCI?

## Next Steps

- Iterate over the above notes
- Meet in ~2 weeks to finalize a recommendation for how we'd like to move forward with the type of projects OCI would support. We'd use the updated notes above to litmus test this against the existing projects.
- Vote on these recommendations over the next weeks, post the meeting
- Then, with a clarified charter in place, we can discuss ORAS and umoci and how they fit these goals
