# Meeting Notes
March 6, 2019

## Attendees:
  - Vincent Batts
  - Phil Estes
  - Mike Brown
  - Vanessa Sochat
  - Eric Ernst
  - Atlas Kerr
  - Chris Hoge
  - Gilbert Song
  - Steve Lasker
  - Derek McGowan
  - Jimmy Zelinske
  - Eric Hotinger
  - Samuel Karp (I think; from Amazon)
  - Tianon

## Agenda items: 
  - [distribution-spec v1](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/milestone/3)
  - [cgroup v2](https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/1002)
  - Cleanup (heads up maintainers):
    - https://github.com/opencontainers/org/issues/3
    - https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/1001
    - https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/2002
    - https://github.com/opencontainers/org/pulls

## Contribution Workflow

Discussed briefly adding a folder for proposals and meetings notes to the org repo, [issue created](https://github.com/opencontainers/org/issues/12)
and more discussion next week. 
 - [Original PR](https://github.com/opencontainers/org/pull/6) to add contributing docs to the org repo, and 
 - [Just adding Contributing Docs](https://github.com/opencontainers/org/pull/9) is the consolidated version to break apart the pull requests. 
 - [Web Preview](https://vsoch.github.io/org/) is the web preview for the pull request PR (I'll keep it updated with the add/contributing-docs PR)

## Cgroup v2

Mostly a heads up regarding more imminent arrival of cgroup v2 in distributions. Ubuntu latest releases already providing unified mount. Fedora (2? : vbatts?) potentially switching with boot flag.

## Distribution-spec

Discussion covering the open issues against the [v1.0.0-rc1 milestone in GitHub](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/milestone/3). 

Specific discussion on removing references to Docker v2 schema 1 manifests (issue [#47](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/47)) and vendor-specific HTTP headers (issue [#26](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/26)).

Vincent added issue [#39](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/pull/39) to the milestone: Dongsu's ocicert tests.

We need a proposal for the way forward on https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/22
JimmiZ says that `_catalog` and search are tied together.
The clair model is registering with a registry, so new pushes to the registry trigger a webhook to call the scan.
SteveLas - correlating the listing and eventing together would be a good scenario to cover. Possibly cover the requirements of a catalog/listing API. Mike suggested starting this now, and seeing if we can land it before 1.0 ships.
