# Meeting Notes
March 13, 2019

###### tags: `oci` `discussion`

Time: 2200 GMT (1700 EST; 1400 PST; 2300 CET; 0900 AEST)
URL: https://www.uberconference.com/opencontainers
Phone: +1 415 968 0849

## March 13, 2019

Tomorrow is Pi Day :)

### Attendees:
  - Vincent Batts
  - Tianon
  - Phil Estes
  - Vanessa Sochat
  - Filipe Brandenburger
  - Clare Liguori
  - Giuseppe Scrivano
  - Samuel Karp
  - Mrunal Patel
  - Atlas Kerr
  - Crosby Michael
  - Mike Brown

### Agenda Items:
  - Catalog API Discussion
  - [HackMD Integration Degree](https://github.com/opencontainers/org/pull/13#issuecomment-471387467): 
      - should we link to allow automatic pull requests? 
      - are the permissions okay so we don't place our content at risk?
  - Cgroupv2 in OCI and runc ([@filbranden](https://github.com/filbranden))
      - Adapting OCI to cgroupv2: [memory container case study](https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/issues/1005)
      - [Improve libcontainer's systemd cgroup driver](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/issues/2007)
  - [Management spec](https://github.com/open-package-management/spec)
 

### Notes

* Catalog API (lasker and atlas)
  * atlas' topic is a biggie
  * currently the /v2 API is a nested URL based name
  * VERB should be used instead of URL approach (i.e. `.../list`)
  * "what is the scope?"
  * dropping --> https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/master/spec.md#listing-repositories
  * but not dropping --> https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/master/spec.md#listing-image-tags
  * drop `/v2/_catalog` https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/pull/45
* str8-to-repo (vsochat)
    * trust level on app permissions VS 
* cgroup V2 (filipe)
    * many things map, but not everything
    * systemd has mapped the generic settings, but not all nice new features of v2/unified
    * freezer is looking like kernel v5.2
    * hybrid mode? may work for migration, but would be sloppy and slow. could be too confusing
    * nested containers could mount legacy cgroup, but the host may be only unified
    * freezer feels like the only acceptable option for atomic operation on the pids/tasks. SIGSTOP approach feels like ducktape
    * device controller is now ebpf and there is gaps
    * new spec semantics is whitelisting, which is fine
    * old spec semantics has blacklisting, which is not possible
    * if you can "block all, and add back whats needed" then this is acceptable
    * need to look into mknod for what breaks
    * libcontainer2? [runc#1991](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/1991)
    * crosby (and mrunal) pls2give feedback :smile: !
* 

### Action

* [distribution maintainers review #45](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/pull/45)
* mikebrown to coordinate working group for
    * use-cases and scope of listing API
    * spec (and ideally a PoC)
* vbatts to set up a time in next days for video chat to walk through this github app with Vanessa
