======================================
#opencontainers: 2018-12-05 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts at 22:02:38 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-12-05-22.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* agenda  (vbatts, 22:12:29)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/24
    (vbatts, 22:12:35)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kinvolk/ocicert/pull/1  (vbatts, 22:13:31)
  * ACTION: vbatts email list to confirm kinvolk work on confirming
    conformance tests  (vbatts, 22:20:52)
  * ACTION: vbatts note for KubeCon attendees  (vbatts, 22:22:25)

* distribution spec  (vbatts, 22:26:39)
  * ACTION: derekmcgowan email about time to walk through
    distribution-spec use-case and how to introduce "future" transition
    pieces and not break compatibility  (vbatts, 22:34:32)
  * ACTION: vbatts rope in atlas kerr and josephschorr  (vbatts,
    22:34:53)



Meeting ended at 22:39:04 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* vbatts
  * vbatts email list to confirm kinvolk work on confirming conformance
    tests
  * vbatts note for KubeCon attendees
  * vbatts rope in atlas kerr and josephschorr



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts (13)
* collabot` (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4