===========================
#opencontainers: 2018-11-07
===========================


Meeting started by vbatts at 22:21:02 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-11-07-22.21.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* intros  (vbatts, 22:21:21)

* distribution conformance  (vbatts, 22:21:28)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/issues/24
    (vbatts, 22:21:36)

* umoci as an OCI project  (vbatts, 22:21:47)
  * LINK: https://github.com/openSUSE/umoci/  (vbatts, 22:21:52)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-tools  (vbatts,
    22:23:00)
  * ACTION: cyphar to send out a thread about this  (vbatts, 22:29:45)

* getting a runc v1  (vbatts, 22:34:13)
  * ACTION: cyphar push runc-v1 forward  (vbatts, 22:34:31)



Meeting ended at 22:39:09 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* cyphar
  * cyphar to send out a thread about this
  * cyphar push runc-v1 forward



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts (17)
* collabot` (3)
* cyphar (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4