======================================
#opencontainers: 2018-03-07 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 22:00:26 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-03-07-22.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK: agenda
  https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/t_UMLjT7-pI
  (wking, 22:01:03)
* runtime-spec release planning  (wking, 22:05:23)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestone/16
    (vbatts|work, 22:08:28)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/milestone/9
    (vbatts|work, 22:08:59)
  * LINK: RDMA cgroup addition
    https://groups.google.com/a/opencontainers.org/forum/#!topic/dev/pG_KkmZgeL4
    (wking, 22:13:50)

* runtime-tools and certification  (wking, 22:15:23)

* VM containers  (wking, 22:21:00)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/949
    (wking, 22:21:18)

* distribution spec  (wking, 22:35:00)
  * LINK: http://github.com/opencontainers/tob/pull/35  (wking,
    22:35:16)



Meeting ended at 22:49:54 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (73)
* collabot` (3)
* stevvooe (3)
* vbatts|work (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4