======================================
#opencontainers: 2018-01-10 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by wking at 22:01:55 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-01-10-22.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: wking to file a comment with a link to this log and a call for
  mrunalp and crosbymichael to weigh in  (wking, 22:21:22)
* distribution API  (wking, 22:21:44)

* open PR for VMs in runtime-spec  (wking, 22:30:07)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/405
    (wking, 22:30:23)

* JSON Schema  (wking, 22:34:51)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/issues/1680  (wking,
    22:37:41)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/pull/945
    (wking, 22:39:07)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/pull/739  (wking,
    22:39:53)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec/blame/v1.0.1/config.md#L6
    (wking, 22:40:32)



Meeting ended at 22:41:17 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* wking
  * wking to file a comment with a link to this log and a call for
    mrunalp and crosbymichael to weigh in



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* wking (58)
* cracra (6)
* vbatts|work (3)
* collabot (3)
* stevvooe (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4