======================================
#opencontainers: 2018-08-12 discussion
======================================


Meeting started by vbatts|work at 20:58:07 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-09-12-20.58.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* cra - feedback on certification proposal  (vbatts|work, 21:04:39)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/1788
    (vbatts|work, 21:20:50)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/opencontainers/certification/issues/36#issuecomment-419155816
    (vbatts|work, 21:21:34)

* kinvolk help  (vbatts|work, 21:21:49)
  * ACTION: everybody to have ideas that can move this forward
    (vbatts|work, 21:43:17)

* distribution-spec  (vbatts|work, 21:46:45)
  * ACTION: derek to email a follow-up on distribution conformance
    testing  (vbatts|work, 21:50:52)

* runtime-spec backlogs  (vbatts|work, 21:53:19)
  * ACTION: vbatts add to the agenda for next call to use some time for
    runtime-spec issue reconciling  (vbatts|work, 21:56:34)



Meeting ended at 21:56:39 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts|work (39)
* cracra (4)
* collabot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4