===========================
#opencontainers: 2018-10-10
===========================


Meeting started by vbatts at 21:00:06 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://ircbot.wl.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/opencontainers/2018/opencontainers.2018-10-10-21.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* umoci for image-tools  (vbatts, 21:05:31)

* runtime-spec backlog cleanup  (vbatts, 21:13:49)

* schema.org (vasochat)  (vbatts, 21:16:34)
  * LINK: https://label-schema.org/rc1/  (vbatts, 21:19:40)
  * LINK: https://label-schema.org/rc1/  (vbatts, 21:19:51)
  * LINK: https://schema.org/  (vbatts, 21:20:00)
  * LINK: https://github.com/owtaylor/flagstate  (vbatts, 21:21:03)
  * LINK: https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/container-diff
    (vbatts, 21:23:36)
  * LINK: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/issues/751
    (vbatts, 21:36:22)
  * LINK: https://github.com/schemaorg/schemaorg/issues/2059  (vbatts,
    21:40:08)
  * ACTION: vasochat send an email to the list about what an Image's
    schema.org might look like  (vbatts, 22:07:40)



Meeting ended at 22:10:01 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vbatts (26)
* collabot (3)
* mrunalp (1)
* mikebrow (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4